#nullable enable
override p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor.ToString() -> string
override p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor.ToString() -> string
override p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor.ToString() -> string
override p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString.ToString() -> string
override p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector.ToString() -> string
override p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D.ToString() -> string
override p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4.ToString() -> string
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.AActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.AttachmentReplication -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepAttachment
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.AutoReceiveInput -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.Children -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.ControllingMatineeActors -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.CustomTimeDilation -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.DefaultUpdateOverlapsMethodDuringLevelStreaming -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.InitialLifeSpan -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.InputComponent -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.InputPriority -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.Instigator -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.Layers -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.MinNetUpdateFrequency -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.NetCullDistanceSquared -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.NetDormancy -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.NetDriverName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.NetPriority -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.NetTag -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.NetUpdateFrequency -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.Owner -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.ParentComponent -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.RemoteRole -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.ReplicatedMovement -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.Role -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.RootComponent -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.SpawnCollisionHandlingMethod -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.Tags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor.UpdateOverlapsMethodDuringLevelStreaming -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor.AAppActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor.AppPauseFlags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAtlEvtPlayObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAtlEvtPlayObject.AAtlEvtPlayObject() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAtlEvtPlayObject.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAtlEvtPlayObject.EventRank -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAtlEvtPlayObject.EvtPlayParam -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAtlEvtPlayObject.LevelName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAtlEvtPlayObject.LevelSequenceActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACldCmnDataActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACldCmnDataActor.ACldCmnDataActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACldCmnDataActor.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACldCmnDataActor.mArcAsset_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UArcAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACldCmnDataActor.mAssetLoader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.ACmpMainActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.bEquipChange -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.bIsDisableForceTermination -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.bReturnCommuToField -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.CalendarTextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.CommuTextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.DictionaryTextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.EquipTextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.Field288 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.HelpOthersLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.HeroGaussMaskTexAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.HologMaskTexAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.HologMaskTexBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.HologMaskTexCAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.HologMaskTexDAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.ItemLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.ItemTextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.MateInterAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.MenuList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.MenuState -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.OkNextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.OkNextMaskLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.OthersLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.PartyPanelLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pAssetLoader -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pCameraTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pCaptureInstanceDynamic -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pCaptureMaterial -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pCaptureRenderTarget -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pCharaDetailAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pCharaDetailShdAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pCharaGlassAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pCmpMainLoadActor -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pCurrentMenu -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.PersonaListLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pGlassMateDynamic -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pHeroAnimCtrl -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pHeroCharaClass -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pHologramMateDynamic -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pHologramMaterial -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pHologramTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pMateWaveCaustics -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pModelController -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pNextMenu -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pOutAnimationTexture -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pOutlineInstanceDynamic -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pOutlineMaterial -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamCommonTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamCommuTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamEquipTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamHologTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamItemTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataCalendarText -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataCommuTextCol -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataDictionaryText -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataEquipTextCol -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataHelpOthers -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataItem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataItemTextCol -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataOkNext -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataOkNextMask -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataOthers -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataPartyPanel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataQuest -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataQuestDate -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataQuestTextCol -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataQuestTextPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataRoot -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataRootTouchColl -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataSkill -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataSkill2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataStatusTextCol -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataSystem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataSystemTouchColl -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutDataTutorialText -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamLayoutPersonaList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamPersonaTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamRankUpTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamSkillTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamStatusTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamSystemTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamTopTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamTriangularCursorDataRoot -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pParamTriangularCursorDataSystem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pPrevMenu -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pSceneCapture2D -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pSimpleCopyMateDynamic -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pSimpleCopyMaterial -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pSprCommon -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimBgAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUIMissingPerson -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiCalendarAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiCalendarBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiCommuAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiCommuBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiConfigAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiConfigBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiEquipAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiEquipBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiItemAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiItemBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiPersonaAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiPersonaBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiQuestAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiQuestBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiRootAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiRootBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiSkillAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiSkillBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiStatusAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiStatusBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiSystemAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiSystemBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiTutorialAAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUimNamiTutorialBAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUIRequest -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.pUITheurgia -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.QuestDateLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.QuestLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.QuestTextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.QuestTextPosLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.RootLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.RootTouchCollLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.SceneCaptureClass -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.SkillLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.SkillLayoutDataTable2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.StatusTextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.SystemLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.SystemTouchCollLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor.TutorialTextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.ACutInDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.AssetLoader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBaseActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.BustUpDummyTexture_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.BustUpTexture_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.Curve1_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.Curve2_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.Curve3_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.Curve4_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.Curve5_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.Curve6_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.Curve7_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.EmotionGradientMain -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.EmotionHighlight -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.EmotionIconPlg_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.EmotionPlgTint -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.Spr_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACutInDraw.UIP_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGetUIParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ADatItemActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ADatItemActor.ADatItemActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ADatItemActor.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ADatItemActor.mAssetLoader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldBossBattleScript
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldBossBattleScript.AFldBossBattleScript() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldBossBattleScript.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldCmnDataActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldCmnDataActor.AFldCmnDataActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldCmnDataActor.mArcAsset_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UArcAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldCmnDataActor.mAssetLoader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldCmnDataActor.mParent_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldInitScriptManager
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldInitScriptManager.AFldInitScriptManager() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldInitScriptManager.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLevelManager
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLevelManager.AFldLevelManager() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLevelManager.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLocalActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLocalActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLocalActor.AFldLocalActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLocalActor.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldMailOrderScript
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldMailOrderScript.AFldMailOrderScript() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldMailOrderScript.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldOperator
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldOperator.AFldOperator() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldOperator.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldOperator.bDebugStandalone -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldOperator.OverloapHits -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptActor.AFldScriptActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptActor.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLocalActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore.AFldScriptManagerCore() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLocalActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore.mAssetLoader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore.mBfAsset_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBfAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore.mBmdAsset_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBmdAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore.mScriptActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldTvProgramScript
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldTvProgramScript.AFldTvProgramScript() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldTvProgramScript.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldScriptManagerCore
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.BackColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.ButtonScaleMoveFrameFirst -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.ButtonScaleMoveFrameSecond -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.ButtonScaleMoveFrameThird -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.ButtonScaleWaitFrameFirst -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.ButtonScaleWaitFrameSecond -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.ButtonScaleWaitFrameThird -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.Edit_Icon_Angle_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.Edit_Icon_Angle_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.Edit_Icon_Animation_Start_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.Edit_Icon_Scale_1Loop_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInGroundAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInNonThumbnailAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInNonThumbnailMovePosFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInThumbnailAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInThumbnailAngleFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInThumbnailMovePosFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInWaitGroundAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInWaitNonThumbnailAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInWaitNonThumbnailMovePosFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInWaitThumbnailAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInWaitThumbnailAngleFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeInWaitThumbnailMovePosFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutGroundAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutNonThumbnailAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutNonThumbnailMovePosFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutThumbnailAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutThumbnailAngleFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutThumbnailMovePosFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutWaitGroundAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutWaitNonThumbnailAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutWaitNonThumbnailMovePosFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutWaitThumbnailAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutWaitThumbnailAngleFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FadeOutWaitThumbnailMovePosFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FixThumbnailAngle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FixThumbnailPlusAngle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FixThumbnailPosX -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.FixThumbnailPosY -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.GradationColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.InThumbnailShadowFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.InWaitThumbnailShadowFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.MaskLoopMoveFrameFirst -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.MaskLoopMoveFrameSecond -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.MaskLoopMoveFrameThird -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.MaskLoopWaitFrameFirst -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.MaskLoopWaitFrameSecond -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.MaskLoopWaitFrameThird -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.NavyColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageInButtonFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageInTextAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageInTextFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageInThumbnailFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageInWaitButtonFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageInWaitTextAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageInWaitTextFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageInWaitThumbnailFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageOutButtonFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageOutTextAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageOutTextFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageOutThumbnailFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageOutWaitButtonFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageOutWaitTextAlphaFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageOutWaitTextFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.PageOutWaitThumbnailFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw.UnderShadowColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor.ALevelSequenceActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor.bAutoPlay -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor.bOverrideInstanceData -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor.bReplicatePlayback -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor.bShowBurnin -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor.DefaultInstanceData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor.PlaybackSettings -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ALevelSequenceActor.SequencePlayer -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequencePlayer*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatus.APersonaStatus() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatus.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatus.PersonaList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusListItem>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatus.pPersonaStatusDraw -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatus.RegistList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusListItem>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.APersonaStatusDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.ArcanaRank -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.BaseAgilityStat -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.BaseEnduranceStat -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.BaseLuckStat -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.BaseMagicStat -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDrawBaseActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.BaseStrengthStat -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.CurrentPersona -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_AffinityCheck_Font_1_FadeIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_AffinityCheck_Font_1_Move_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_AffinityCheck_Font_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_AffinityCheck_Font_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_AffinityCheck_Font_Move_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_AffinityCheck_Icon_1_Move_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_AffinityCheck_Icon_Move_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Attribute_Effect_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Background_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Caustics_RectMask_ScaleUp_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Caustics_RectMask_ScaleUp_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Caustics_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Caustics_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_1Effect_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_BluePlate_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_BluePlate_SlideOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_BluePlate_Slide_Wait_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_ChangeIcon_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_ChangeIcon_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_Change_Font_FadeIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_Change_Font_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_Change_Font_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_Change_Font_Fade_Wait_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_Change_Font_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_Change_Font_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_Change_Font_SlideOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_Change_Font_Slide_Wait_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_ChangeSkill_Skill_Name_Color_LoopAnimation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Combine_BonusExp_Fade_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Combine_BonusExp_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Combine_BonusExp_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Combine_CommuBonus_ColorChange_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Combine_CommuBonus_Fix_Point_ColorChange_Frame1 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Combine_CommuBonus_Fix_Point_ColorChange_Frame2 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Combine_CommuBonus_Font_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Combine_CommuBonus_Plate_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Combine_CommuBonus_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Affinity_FadeOut_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Affinity_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Affinity_SlideOut_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Affinity_SlideOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Font_Change_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Info_FadeOut_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Info_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Paramter_Move_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Paramter_Move_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Persona_Slide_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Persona_Slide_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Rect_ScaleUp_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_Rect_ScaleUp_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_SkillList_Move_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_SkillList_Move_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Commentary_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Conception_GetEffect_FadeOut_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Conception_GetEffect_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Conception_GetEffect_Scale_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Conception_Icon_Get_FadeOut_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Conception_Icon_Get_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Conception_Level1_LoopAnimation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Conception_Level3_LoopAnimation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Flickering_Loop_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_L1R1_Loop_Animation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_L1R1_Push_Animation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_LevelUp_Plate_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_LevelUp_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Parameter_Gage_Animation_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Parameter_Gage_Animation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Parameter_Incense_Value_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Parameter_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Parameter_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Parameter_UpGage_Animation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_PersonaInfo_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_PersonaInfo_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Persona_Change_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Persona_Change_Slide_Value -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Persona_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Persona_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_LockIcon_InAnimation_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_LockIcon_InAnimation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_Switch_Heading_FadeIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_Switch_Heading_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_Switch_Heading_FadeOut_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_Switch_Heading_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_Switch_Heading_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_Switch_Heading_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_Switch_Heading_SlideOut_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_Switch_Heading_SlideOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Registry_Switch_Mark_Rotate_Animation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Selected_Succession_Skill_FadeIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Selected_Succession_Skill_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Selected_Succession_Skill_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_Selected_Succession_Skill_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillAdd_Next_Skill_In_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillAdd_Next_Skill_Move_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillAdd_Next_Skill_New_Fade_In_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillAdd_Next_Skill_New_Slide_In_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillAdd_Next_Skill_Plate_Color_Fade_Time -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillAdd_Next_Skill_Plate_Color_Fade_Wait -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillAdd_Next_Skill_Start_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillCard_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillCard_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillCard_Used_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillCard_Used_GetIcon_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillCard_Used_Plate_AddEffect_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillCard_Used_Plate_LoopAnimation_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillCard_Used_SlideeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillInfo_Cursor_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillInfo_Cursor_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillInfo_Cursor_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillInfo_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillInfo_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillInfo_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillInfo_SlideOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillInfo_SubCursor_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillList_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillList_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_Cursor_FadeIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_Cursor_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_Cursor_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_Cursor_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_Cursor_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_FadeIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_FadeOut_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_FadeOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_Info_ChangeFadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_Info_ChangeSlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_Info_FadeIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_Info_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_RectScale_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_RectScale_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_SlideOut_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_SlideOut_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_SubCursor_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Edit_SkillSelectList_SubCursor_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.ExpBonusPoints -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Field309 -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Field30A -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Field440 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Field444 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Field48E -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Field5C4 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Field7BC -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Field7C0 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.GetBasePersonaStat(int i) -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.GetParamDisplayValueFrom(int i) -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.GetParamDisplayValueTo(int i) -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.IsMemoryCheckPersonaModel -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.LayoutTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.madeLayoutDataTable -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.madeTextLayoutDataTable -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.madeTextPosRowLayoutDataTable -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.NextLevelColorFlicker -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.pBackgroundMaterial -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.pCurrentPersona -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.PersonaInfoBottomBarMod -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.PlayerId -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.pPersonaEquipEffect -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.Scene -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.SetParamDisplayValueTo(int i, float v) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.TextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.TextLayoutTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.TextPosRowLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.TextPosRowLayoutTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatusDraw.TimeSinceSwitchedPersona -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.ACC = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.ACC_DEC = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.AD_SIN = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.COS2 = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.DEC = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.Default_value = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.H_ACC = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.H_DEC = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.LINEAR = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.LOOP = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType.SIN_2 = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.AllSlotNum -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.ASaveLoadDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.bIsOpenCamp -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.bIsStartCloseAnim -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.bIsStartInAnim -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.bIsUseCapture -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.bIsUseScrollBar -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.BootMode -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.CheckOverListIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.CurrentIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.CursorIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.ListTopIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.OpenType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESaveDrawOpenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ASaveLoadDraw.SaveSlotItems -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveSlotItem>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUFileNameManagerrActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUFileNameManagerrActor.AUFileNameManagerrActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUFileNameManagerrActor.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUFileNameManagerrActor.mAssetLoader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.AdamahFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.AdamahFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.ArqaFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.ArqaFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.AUIAccessInfoDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.DormitoryFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.DormitoryFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.HarabahFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.HarabahFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.HotelFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.HotelFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.IwatodaiFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.IwatodaiFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.LayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.LayoutParamData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.MallFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.MallFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.mapBg -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.MapNameLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.MapNameLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.m_pBfAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBfAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.m_pBmdAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBmdAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.m_pMiniMap -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.m_pMiniMapSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.m_pPlacePlg -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.m_pPlaceSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.m_tagFadeInCurve -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.m_tagFadeOutCurve -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.m_tagUip -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGetUIParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.PlaceInfoBgColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.PlaceInfoBgPosition -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.PlaceNameLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.PlaceNameLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.PlaceTitleId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.RyokanFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.RyokanFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.SchoolFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.SchoolFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.ThebelFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.ThebelFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.TziahFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.TziahFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.YabbashahFloorNoLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIAccessInfoDraw.YabbashahFloorNoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.AnimFinishTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.AUIBackLogDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlackBoardAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlackBoardColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlackBoardCoverColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlackBoardMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlackboardOpacity -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlueBoardAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlueBoardColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlueBoardMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlueboardOpacity -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.BlueBoardRollSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.CursorBlueAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.CursorBlueMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.CursorMoveSlideFrame -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.CursorMoveSpeed -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.CursorPosFix -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.CursorWaitMoveSlideFrame -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.CursorWhiteAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.CursorWhiteMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.DayAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.DayMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.DecoAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.DecoMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.GladationBoardColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.GladationOpacity -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.GradationAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconMoveAngleFrame -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconWaitAngleFrame -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconWaveLargeWaitFrameList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconWaveMediumWaitFrameList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconWaveMoveSpeed -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconWaveNonSelColorList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconWaveSelColorList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.IconWaveSmallWaitFrameList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.LogAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.LogMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.MingMsgInterval -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.NoneAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.NoneMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.pLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.ScrollBarAlphaSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.ScrollBarMoveSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<float>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.SelMsgInterval -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.SoundPlusPosX -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.SoundPlusPosY -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBackLogDraw.tex -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBaseActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBaseActor.AUIBaseActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIBaseActor.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIConfigurationDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIConfigurationDraw.AUIConfigurationDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIConfigurationDraw.ConfigTextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIConfigurationDraw.HelpLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIConfigurationDraw.ItemDrawOffset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIConfigurationDraw.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIConfigurationDraw.pKeySpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDateDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDateDraw.AUIDateDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDateDraw.LayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDateDraw.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDateDraw.m_pAgePanel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDateDraw.m_pFieldSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDateDraw.TimeOfDay -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDateDraw.TimeOfDayParams -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.AUIDayChange() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.BandColorNextDay -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.BandColorPrevDay -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.LimitTextColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.MoonColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_curve1DaySpeedAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_curveBlueBandAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_curveCenterBlueBandMaskAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_curveCommonMoveAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_curveInAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_curveInRectMaskAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_curveSkipSpeedAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_curveSuperSkipSpeedAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_pLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_pLayoutDataParam -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_pLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_pPlg -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_pSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDayChange.m_tagUip -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGetUIParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDrawBaseActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDrawBaseActor.AUIDrawBaseActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDrawBaseActor.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDrawBaseActor.drawer -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BPDrawSpr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDrawBaseActor.pAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIDrawBaseActor.QueueId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelect
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelect.AUIGenericSelect() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelect.LayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelect.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelect.pAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelect.pDrawActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelect.pDrawClass -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelect.System_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGenericSelectSystemBase*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.AUIGenericSelectDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.CharacterDisableList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.CharacterEnableList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.DrawTitleType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_CharacterBackPlate_AfterschoolColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_CharacterBackPlate_MorninColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_CharacterBackPlate_NightColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_CharacterChange_In_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_CharacterChange_Out_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_CharacterChange_Slide_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_Character_LoopAnima_Offset_Max -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_Character_LoopAnima_Offset_Min -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_Cursor_AnimationFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_InAnimation_1_1 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_InAnimation_1_1_2 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_InAnimation_1_3 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_InAnimation_1_3_CharacterMask_DelayFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_InAnimation_1_4_Cursor_DelayFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_InAnimation_1_4_Cursor_InFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_InAnimation_1_4_ListItem_DelayFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_InAnimation_1_4_ListItem_InFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_ListAndCharacter_AfterschoolColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_ListAndCharacter_MorninColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_ListAndCharacter_NightColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_LoopAnima_Frame_Max -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_LoopAnima_Frame_Min -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_OutAnimation_3_1 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_PointA -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_PointD -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_PointG -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_PointH -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_SubCursor_AnimationFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_TitleLogo_AfterschoolColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_TitleLogo_LoopAnima_Offset_Max -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_TitleLogo_LoopAnima_Offset_Min -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_TitleLogo_MorninColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Edit_TitleLogo_NightColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.Field408 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelect*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.pCharacterDataAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGenericSelectCharacterDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.pPlgAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.pSprAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIGenericSelectDraw.PSystem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGenericSelectSystemBase*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.AUIMailIconDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.Field2C8 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.Field2CC -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.Field2D0 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.Field318 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.Field368 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.Field3B8 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.Field408 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.Field458 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMailIconDraw.Sprite_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.AUIMiscCheckDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.checkBgBack -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.checkBgFront -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.CheckBgFrontBorderColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.FieldAE0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.LayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.m_pAlphaSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.m_pKeySpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.m_pLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.m_tagMaxColorWave -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveLinearColorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.m_uip -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGetUIParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.sprDefAlphaSpr1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.sprDefAlphaSpr2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.sprDefParamsAlpha -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.sprDefParamsAlphaNew -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.sprDefParamsKey1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.sprDefParamsKey2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.TextLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscCheckDraw.TextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.AUIMiscGetItemDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.FirstArrowBg -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.GotGraphicLeftOutline -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.GotGraphicRightFill -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.ItemCountBg -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pGetItemSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pGetPlg -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pItemGetDT -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pLayoutOkNext -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pLayoutOkNextDT -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pLayoutOkNextMask -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pLayoutOkNextMaskDT -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pLayoutTextCol -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pLayoutTextColDT -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pSpecialKeyHelpSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.m_pSpecialKeyHelpTextSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscGetItemDraw.SecondArrowBg -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.AUIMiscMoneyDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.BgImageTintColorBorder -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.BgImageTintColorFill -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.BuyItemAmountSubtractColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.BuyItemAmountSubtractNumberColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.BuyItemBlankAmountColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.Field630 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.MoneyDialogType -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.MoneyTiltShadowColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.m_pMoneySpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.PayMoneyMarginColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.White3E0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUIMiscMoneyDraw.White67C -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.AUITimeChange() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.MainBarColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.m_pLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.m_pSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.m_pTimeChangeDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.m_pTimeChangeLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.m_pTimeChangeMaskDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.m_pTimeChangeMaskLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.m_pTimeChangeUIDT -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.m_uip -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGetUIParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITimeChange.TopBarColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.AUITownMapActor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.MarginRot -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_infoLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_infoLayoutDataTable2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_infoParamLayout -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_infoParamLayout2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_notSelectedLayoutDataTables -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_notSelectedParamLayouts -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pFieldCamera -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pInfoCamera -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pLocationSelect -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pMainCamera -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pMiniMapIcon00Spr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pMiniMapIcon01Spr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pNameLocator -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pStartCamera -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pTownMapDetailText -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBmdAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pTownMapDT -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_pTownMapSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_selectedLayoutDataTables -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUITownMapActor.m_selectedParamLayouts -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BmdDataLetter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BmdDataLetter.BmdDataLetter() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BmdDataLetter.color -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BmdDataLetter.next -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BmdDataLetter*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BmdDataLetter.prev -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BmdDataLetter*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BPDrawSpr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BPDrawSpr.BPDrawSpr() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BPDrawSpr.Flag2Set_141301af0(byte flag) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BPDrawSpr.Flags -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BPDrawSpr.Flags2 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BPDrawSpr.vtable -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Calendar
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Calendar.Calendar() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Calendar.DaysSinceApril1 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Calendar.NextTimeskipDay -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Calendar.NextTimeskipTime -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Calendar.TimeOfDay -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CharacterName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CharacterName.CharacterName() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CharacterName.GetFirstName() -> string
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CharacterName.GetFullName() -> string
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CharacterName.GetLastName() -> string
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1.CheckDrawUIStruct1() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1.Field14 -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1.Field20 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1.Field28 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmData.CmmData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmData.GetCounter(uint i) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmEntry*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmEntry
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmEntry.CmmEntry() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmEntry.Points -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmEntry.Rank -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmPtr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmPtr.ArcanaId -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmPtr.CmmPtr() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmPtr.entry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmEntry*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.DrawCircle
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.DrawCircle.Antialiasing -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.DrawCircle.Color -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.DrawCircle.DrawCircle() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.DrawCircle.position -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.DrawCircle.radius -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod.AlwaysUpdate = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod_MAX = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod.NeverUpdate = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod.OnlyUpdateMovable = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod.UseConfigDefault = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EActorUpdateOverlapsMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag.Always = 255 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag.CampUI = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag.CharacterModel = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag.FacilityUI = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag.FieldCrowd = 64 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag.FieldLocal = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag.FieldSound = 32 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag.SystemUI = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag.Unknown = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAppPauseObjectFlag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType.CMMU = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType.EXTR = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType.FILD = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType.MAIN = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType.QEST = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.Disabled = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.EAutoReceiveInput_MAX = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.Player0 = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.Player1 = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.Player2 = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.Player3 = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.Player4 = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.Player5 = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.Player6 = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType.Player7 = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAutoReceiveInputType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_AActor = 68719476736 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_APawn = 274877906944 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_APlayerController = 137438953472 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FArrayProperty = 2097152 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FBoolProperty = 131072 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FByteProperty = 64 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FClassProperty = 1024 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FDelegateProperty = 8388608 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FDoubleProperty = 4294967296 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FEnumProperty = 281474976710656 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FFieldPathProperty = 4503599627370496 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FFloatProperty = 256 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FInt16Property = 2147483648 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FInt64Property = 4194304 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FInt8Property = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FInterfaceProperty = 4096 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FIntProperty = 128 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FLazyObjectProperty = 268435456 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FMapProperty = 70368744177664 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FMulticastDelegateProperty = 33554432 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FMulticastInlineDelegateProperty = 1125899906842624 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FMulticastSparseDelegateProperty = 2251799813685248 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FNameProperty = 8192 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FNumericProperty = 16777216 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FObjectProperty = 65536 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FObjectPropertyBase = 67108864 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FProperty = 32768 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FSetProperty = 140737488355328 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FSoftClassProperty = 8589934592 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FSoftObjectProperty = 536870912 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FStrProperty = 16384 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FStructProperty = 1048576 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FTextProperty = 1073741824 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FUInt16Property = 262144 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FUInt32Property = 2048 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FUInt64Property = 512 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_FWeakObjectProperty = 134217728 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UBlueprint = 8796093022208 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UClass = 32 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UDelegateFunction = 17592186044416 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UEnum = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UField = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UFunction = 524288 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_ULevel = 34359738368 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UPackage = 17179869184 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UPrimitiveComponent = 1099511627776 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_USceneComponent = 549755813888 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UScriptStruct = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_USkeletalMeshComponent = 4398046511104 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_USkinnedMeshComponent = 2199023255552 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_USparseDelegateFunction = 562949953421312 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UStaticMeshComponent = 35184372088832 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags.CASTCLASS_UStruct = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Abstract = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_CollapseCategories = 8192 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_CompiledFromBlueprint = 262144 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Config = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_ConfigDoNotCheckDefaults = 1073741824 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Const = 65536 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Constructed = 536870912 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_CustomConstructor = 32768 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_DefaultConfig = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_DefaultToInstanced = 2097152 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Deprecated = 33554432 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_EditInlineNew = 4096 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_GlobalUserConfig = 134217728 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_HasInstancedReference = 8388608 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Hidden = 16777216 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_HideDropDown = 67108864 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Interface = 16384 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Intrinsic = 268435456 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_MatchedSerializers = 32 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_MinimalAPI = 524288 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Native = 128 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_NeedsDeferredDependencyLoading = 131072 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_NewerVersionExists = 2147483648 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_NoExport = 256 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_NotPlaceable = 512 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Optional = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_PerObjectConfig = 1024 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_ProjectUserConfig = 64 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_ReplicationDataIsSetUp = 2048 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_RequiredAPI = 1048576 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_TokenStreamAssembled = 4194304 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags.CLASS_Transient = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateColor.Normal = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateColor.Red = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod.End = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod.Mid = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod.Single = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod.Start = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.ECldMoonAge_MAX = 31 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon01 = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon02 = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon03 = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon04 = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon05 = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon06 = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon07 = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon08 = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon09 = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon10 = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon11 = 10 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon12 = 11 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon13 = 12 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon14 = 13 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon15 = 14 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon16 = 15 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon17 = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon18 = 17 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon19 = 18 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon20 = 19 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon21 = 20 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon22 = 21 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon23 = 22 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon24 = 23 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon25 = 24 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon26 = 25 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon27 = 26 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon28 = 27 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon29 = 28 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.Moon30 = 29 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge.MoonMax = 30 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldSceneChangeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldSceneChangeType.DayChange = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldSceneChangeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldSceneChangeType.None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldSceneChangeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldSceneChangeType.TimeChange = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldSceneChangeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.AfterSchool = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.AM = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.EarlyMorning = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.ECldTimeZone_MAX = 11 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.Midnight = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.Morning = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.Night = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.Noon = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.PM = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.Shadow = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone.TimeMax = 10 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek.ECldWeek_MAX = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek.Friday = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek.Monday = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek.Saturday = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek.Sunday = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek.Thursday = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek.Tuesday = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek.Wednesday = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek.WeekMax = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod.Instance = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod.Native = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod.SimpleConstructionScript = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod.UserConstructionScript = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.AttackA = 50 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.AttackAssault = 52 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.AttackB = 51 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.AttackDashA = 55 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.BLANK = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.Dash = 14 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.DashStop = 53 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.DashStopTurn = 54 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.DoorOpen00 = 115 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.Idel = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.PersonalAction1 = 200 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.PersonalAction2 = 201 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.PersonalAction3 = 202 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.PersonalAction4 = 203 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.PersonalAction5 = 204 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.PersonalAction6 = 205 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.Run = 13 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.SatA = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.SatB = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.SatMain = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.SatN = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.SatTalk = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.Talk = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.TurnL = 210 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.TurnL180 = 11 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.TurnL90 = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.TurnR = 211 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.TurnR180 = 12 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.TurnR90 = 10 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID.Walk = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType.ArmL = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType.ArmR = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType.DefaultSlot = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType.EventSlot = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType.FacialSlot = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType.NodSlot = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType.User = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType.KeepWorld = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType.LoopAnimationOnLastFrame = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType.LoopAnimationSingle = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType.LoopAnimationSingleWithStartOffset = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType.SimpleMontage = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType.StopSlotAnimation = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType.EVT_FADESCREEN_CROSSFADE_IN = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType.EVT_FADESCREEN_CROSSFADE_OUT = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType.EVT_FADESCREEN_FADE_IN = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType.EVT_FADESCREEN_FADE_OUT = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFindType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFindType.FNAME_Add = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFindType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFindType.FNAME_Find = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFindType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFindType.FNAME_Replace_Not_Safe_For_Threading = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFindType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.Cancel_Circle = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.Down = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.L1 = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.L2 = 10 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.L3 = 11 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.Left = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.Ok_Cross = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.OPTION = 15 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.R1 = 12 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.R2 = 13 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.R3 = 14 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.Right = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.Square = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.TOUCH = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.Triangle = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType.Up = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType.Average = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType.Max = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType.Min = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType.Multiply = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_BlueprintAuthorityOnly = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_BlueprintCallable = 67108864 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_BlueprintCosmetic = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_BlueprintEvent = 134217728 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_BlueprintPure = 268435456 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Const = 1073741824 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Delegate = 1048576 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_DLLImport = 33554432 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_EditorOnly = 536870912 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Event = 2048 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Exec = 512 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Final = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_HasDefaults = 8388608 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_HasOutParms = 4194304 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_MulticastDelegate = 65536 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Native = 1024 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Net = 64 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_NetClient = 16777216 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_NetMulticast = 16384 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_NetReliable = 128 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_NetRequest = 256 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_NetResponse = 4096 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_NetServer = 2097152 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_NetValidate = 2147483648 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Private = 262144 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Protected = 524288 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Public = 131072 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_RequiredAPI = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_Static = 8192 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags.FUNC_UbergraphFunction = 32768 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.Async = 67108864 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.AsyncLoading = 134217728 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.ClusterRoot = 16777216 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.Garbage = 2097152 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.LoaderImport = 1048576 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.Native = 33554432 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.PendingConstruction = 2147483648 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.PendingKill = 536870912 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.PersistentGarbage = 4194304 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.ReachableInCluster = 8388608 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.RootSet = 1073741824 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags.Unreachable = 268435456 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation.BlendParameter = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation.EMaterialParameterAssociation_MAX = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation.GlobalParameter = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation.LayerParameter = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMoviePlaybackType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMoviePlaybackType.MT_LoadingLoop = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMoviePlaybackType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMoviePlaybackType.MT_Looped = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMoviePlaybackType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMoviePlaybackType.MT_Normal = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMoviePlaybackType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneCompletionMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneCompletionMode.KeepState = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneCompletionMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneCompletionMode.ProjectDefault = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneCompletionMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneCompletionMode.RestoreState = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneCompletionMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneEvaluationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneEvaluationType.FrameLocked = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneEvaluationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneEvaluationType.WithSubFrames = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneEvaluationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus.Jumping = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus.Paused = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus.Playing = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus.Scrubbing = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus.Stepping = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus.Stopped = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags.BlockingEvaluation = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags.InheritedFlags = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags.None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags.Volatile = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_ASSIST
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_ASSIST.ASSIST_POSITION = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_ASSIST
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_ASSIST.LINE_SPACE_OFFSET = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_ASSIST
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_ASSIST.SUPPORT_INTERVAL = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_ASSIST
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_DIALOG
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_DIALOG.MAIN_TEXT = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_DIALOG
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_DIALOG.TITLE_TEXT = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_DIALOG
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_MIND
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_MIND.MSG_OFFSET = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_MIND
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_MIND.MSG_ROW = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_MIND
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_MIND.SELECT_OFS = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_MIND
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SELECT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SELECT.NON_SELECT_TEXT_COL = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SELECT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SELECT.NON_SELECT_TEXT_OFFSET = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SELECT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SELECT.SELECT_TEXT_COL = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SELECT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SELECT.SELECT_TEXT_OFFSET = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SELECT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SIMPLE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SIMPLE.MSG_OFFSET = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SIMPLE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SIMPLE.MSG_ROW = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SIMPLE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SIMPLE.MSG_TEXT_COL = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowLayout_SIMPLE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowTextColLayout_ASSIST
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowTextColLayout_ASSIST.TEXT_SIZE = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMsgProcWindowTextColLayout_ASSIST
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy.DORM_Awake = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy.DORM_DormantAll = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy.DORM_DormantPartial = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy.DORM_Initial = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy.DORM_MAX = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy.DORM_Never = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetDormancy
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole.ROLE_Authority = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole.ROLE_AutonomousProxy = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole.ROLE_MAX = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole.ROLE_None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole.ROLE_SimulatedProxy = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ENetRole
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.AllocatedInSharedPage = 2147483648 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.ArchetypeObject = 32 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.BeginDestroyed = 32768 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.BeingRegenerated = 131072 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.ClassDefaultObject = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.DefaultSubObject = 262144 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.DuplicateTransient = 8388608 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.Dynamic = 67108864 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.FinishDestroyed = 65536 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.Garbage = 1073741824 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.HasExternalPackage = 268435456 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.InheritableComponentTemplate = 4194304 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.KeepForCooker = 2048 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.LoadCompleted = 2097152 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.MarkAsNative = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.MarkAsRootSet = 128 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.NeedInitialization = 512 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.NeedLoad = 1024 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.NeedPostLoad = 4096 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.NeedPostLoadSubobjects = 8192 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.NewerVersionExists = 16384 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.NonPIEDuplicateTransient = 33554432 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.PendingKill = 536870912 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.Public = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.Standalone = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.StrongRefOnFrame = 16777216 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.TagGarbageTemp = 256 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.TextExportTransient = 1048576 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.Transactional = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.Transient = 64 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.WasLoaded = 524288 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags.WillBeLoaded = 134217728 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Bowa1 = 20 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.ButtonPush = 23 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.CurveDown1 = 12 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.CurveDown2 = 13 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.CurveDown3 = 14 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.CurveUp1 = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.CurveUp2 = 10 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.CurveUp3 = 11 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.EaseInOut = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.EaseOut1 = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.EaseOut2 = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.EaseOut3 = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Fuwari1 = 19 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Gachan2 = 21 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Haneru1 = 15 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Haneru1ST1 = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Haneru2 = 17 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Haneru3 = 18 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.HSin180 = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.KaesiSlide2 = 22 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Linear = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Max = 25 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Sin180 = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Sin360 = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.Sin90 = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType.YureruRot = 24 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE.COMBINE = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE.DRAWER = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE.LEVEL_UP = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE.LIST = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE.MAIN = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE.NONE = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE.PARAMETER_UP = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE.REGISTRY = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE.SKILL_CARD = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPERSONA_STATUS_DRAW_SCENE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.EPhysicalSurface_MAX = 64 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType1 = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType10 = 10 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType11 = 11 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType12 = 12 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType13 = 13 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType14 = 14 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType15 = 15 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType16 = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType17 = 17 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType18 = 18 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType19 = 19 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType2 = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType20 = 20 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType21 = 21 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType22 = 22 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType23 = 23 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType24 = 24 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType25 = 25 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType26 = 26 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType27 = 27 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType28 = 28 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType29 = 29 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType3 = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType30 = 30 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType31 = 31 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType32 = 32 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType33 = 33 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType34 = 34 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType35 = 35 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType36 = 36 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType37 = 37 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType38 = 38 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType39 = 39 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType4 = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType40 = 40 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType41 = 41 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType42 = 42 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType43 = 43 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType44 = 44 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType45 = 45 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType46 = 46 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType47 = 47 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType48 = 48 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType49 = 49 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType5 = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType50 = 50 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType51 = 51 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType52 = 52 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType53 = 53 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType54 = 54 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType55 = 55 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType56 = 56 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType57 = 57 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType58 = 58 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType59 = 59 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType6 = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType60 = 60 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType61 = 61 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType62 = 62 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType7 = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType8 = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType9 = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType_Default = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface.SurfaceType_Max = 63 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_AdvancedDisplay = 4398046511104 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_AssetRegistrySearchable = 1099511627776 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_AutoWeak = 274877906944 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_BlueprintAssignable = 268435456 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_BlueprintAuthorityOnly = 35184372088832 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_BlueprintCallable = 17592186044416 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_BlueprintReadOnly = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_BlueprintVisible = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_Config = 16384 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_ConstParm = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_ContainsInstancedReference = 549755813888 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_Deprecated = 536870912 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_DisableEditOnInstance = 65536 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_DisableEditOnTemplate = 2048 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_DuplicateTransient = 2097152 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_Edit = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_EditConst = 131072 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_EditFixedSize = 64 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_EditorOnly = 34359738368 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_ExportObject = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_ExposeOnSpawn = 281474976710656 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_GlobalConfig = 262144 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_HasGetValueTypeHash = 2251799813685248 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_InstancedReference = 524288 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_Interp = 8589934592 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_IsPlainOldData = 1073741824 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_NativeAccessSpecifierPrivate = 18014398509481984 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_NativeAccessSpecifierProtected = 9007199254740992 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_NativeAccessSpecifierPublic = 4503599627370496 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_Net = 32 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_NoClear = 33554432 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_NoDestructor = 68719476736 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_NonNullable = 4096 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_NonPIEDuplicateTransient = 140737488355328 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_NonTransactional = 17179869184 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_OutParm = 256 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_Parm = 128 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_PersistentInstance = 562949953421312 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_Protected = 8796093022208 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_ReferenceParm = 134217728 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_RepNotify = 4294967296 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_RepSkip = 2147483648 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_ReturnParm = 1024 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_SaveGame = 16777216 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_SimpleDisplay = 2199023255552 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_SkipSerialization = 36028797018963968 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_TextExportTransient = 70368744177664 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_Transient = 8192 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_UObjectWrapper = 1125899906842624 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags.CPF_ZeroConstructor = 512 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERangeBoundTypes
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERangeBoundTypes.Exclusive = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERangeBoundTypes
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERangeBoundTypes.Inclusive = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERangeBoundTypes
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERangeBoundTypes.Open = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERangeBoundTypes
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation.RCCE_Constant = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation.RCCE_Cycle = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation.RCCE_CycleWithOffset = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation.RCCE_Linear = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation.RCCE_None = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation.RCCE_Oscillate = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveInterpMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveInterpMode.RCIM_Constant = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveInterpMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveInterpMode.RCIM_Cubic = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveInterpMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveInterpMode.RCIM_Linear = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveInterpMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveInterpMode.RCIM_None = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveInterpMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentMode.RCTM_Auto = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentMode.RCTM_Break = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentMode.RCTM_None = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentMode.RCTM_User = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentWeightMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentWeightMode.RCTWM_WeightedArrive = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentWeightMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentWeightMode.RCTWM_WeightedBoth = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentWeightMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentWeightMode.RCTWM_WeightedLeave = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentWeightMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentWeightMode.RCTWM_WeightedNone = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveTangentWeightMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERotatorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERotatorQuantization.ByteComponents = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERotatorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERotatorQuantization.ERotatorQuantization_MAX = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERotatorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERotatorQuantization.ShortComponents = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERotatorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESaveDrawOpenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESaveDrawOpenType.TYPE_CAMP = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESaveDrawOpenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESaveDrawOpenType.TYPE_FIELD = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESaveDrawOpenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESaveDrawOpenType.TYPE_TITLE = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESaveDrawOpenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESectionEvaluationFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESectionEvaluationFlags.None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESectionEvaluationFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESectionEvaluationFlags.PostRoll = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESectionEvaluationFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESectionEvaluationFlags.PreRoll = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESectionEvaluationFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod.AdjustIfPossibleButAlwaysSpawn = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod.AdjustIfPossibleButDontSpawnIfColliding = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod.AlwaysSpawn = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod.DontSpawnIfColliding = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod_MAX = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod.Undefined = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESpawnActorCollisionHandlingMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.EUI_Defult_Value = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_ConstantBlendFactor = 10 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_DestAlpha = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_DestColor = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_InverseConstantBlendFactor = 11 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_InverseDestAlpha = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_InverseDestColor = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_InverseSource1Alpha = 15 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_InverseSource1Color = 13 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_InverseSourceAlpha = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_InverseSourceColor = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_One = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_Source1Alpha = 14 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_Source1Color = 12 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_SourceAlpha = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_SourceColor = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_BF_Zero = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor.UI_EBlendFactor_Num = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendFactor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation.EUI_Defult_Value = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation.UI_BO_Add = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation.UI_BO_Max = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation.UI_BO_Min = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation.UI_BO_ReverseSubtract = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation.UI_BO_Subtract = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation.UI_EBlendOperation_Num = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIBlendOperation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType.EUIGaussType_MAX = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType.MostWeak0 = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType.Normal3 = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType.Off = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType.Strong4 = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType.VeryStrong5 = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType.VeryWeak1 = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType.Weak2 = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.EUI_Defult_Value = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_ADDTRANS = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_ADVANCED = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_DRAW_ONLY_MASK = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_MAKE_MASK = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_MAKE_MASK_MUL = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_MUL2TRANS = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_MULTRANS = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_OPAQUE = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_SEMITRANS = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE.UI_OT_PRESET_BLEND_SUBTRANS = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIOTPRESET_BLEND_TYPE
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT.UI_DRAW_CENTER_BOTTOM = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT.UI_DRAW_CENTER_CENTER = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT.UI_DRAW_CENTER_TOP = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT.UI_DRAW_LEFT_BOTTOM = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT.UI_DRAW_LEFT_CENTER = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT.UI_DRAW_LEFT_TOP = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT.UI_DRAW_RIGHT_BOTTOM = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT.UI_DRAW_RIGHT_CENTER = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT.UI_DRAW_RIGHT_TOP = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUI_DRAW_POINT
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource.Audio = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource.Custom = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource.Platform = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource.RelativeTimecode = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource.Tick = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource.Timecode = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization.EVectorQuantization_MAX = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization.RoundOneDecimal = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization.RoundTwoDecimals = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization.RoundWholeNumber = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FActorSpawnParameters
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FActorSpawnParameters.FActorSpawnParameters() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FActorSpawnParameters.instigator -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FActorSpawnParameters.name -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FActorSpawnParameters.objectFlags -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FActorSpawnParameters.overrideLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FActorSpawnParameters.owner -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FActorSpawnParameters.template -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculaterComponentWork
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculaterComponentWork.FAppCalculaterComponentWork() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculaterComponentWork.List -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculationItem>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculaterComponentWork.Timer -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculationItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculationItem.Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculationItem.DstFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculationItem.DstValue -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculationItem.FAppCalculationItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculationItem.FAppCalculationItem(float SrcValue, float DstValue, int Delay, int DstFrame, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType Type) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculationItem.SrcValue -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAppCalculationItem.Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.appCalculationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FArrayProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FArrayProperty.FArrayProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FArrayProperty.flags -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FArrayProperty.inner -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FArrayProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayBindingTagParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayBindingTagParameter.BindingActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayBindingTagParameter.BindingTag -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayBindingTagParameter.FAtlEvtPlayBindingTagParameter() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayParameter.bDisableTimeZone -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayParameter.bEnableBinding -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayParameter.BindingTagActors -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayBindingTagParameter>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayParameter.EventAssetName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayParameter.FAtlEvtPlayParameter() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPlayParameter.FieldEventInfo -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldEventInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.bDisableAutoLoadFirstLightingScenarioLevel -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.bForceDisableUseCurrentTimeZone -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.DungeonSublevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreDungeonSublevelData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.EventCategory -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.EventCategoryTypeID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.EventLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.EventMajorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.EventMinorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.EventRank -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.EventSublevels -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.FAtlEvtPreData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.FAtlEvtPreData(int eventMajorID, int eventMinorID, int eventCategoryTypeID, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName eventRank, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName eventCategory) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.ForceDay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.ForcedCldTimeZoneValue -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.ForceMonth -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.IsValid() -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.LightScenarioSublevels -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData.MakeInvalidEvent() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreDungeonSublevelData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreDungeonSublevelData.BGEnvironmentSubLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreDungeonSublevelData.EventBGFloorLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreDungeonSublevelData.FAtlEvtPreDungeonSublevelData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData.BGFieldMajorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData.BGFieldMinorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData.BGFieldSeasonSubLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData.BGFieldSoundSubLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData.EventBGLevels -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData.FAtlEvtPreSublevelData(int MajorId, int MinorId) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam.Animation -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAnimSequenceBase*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam.BlendIn -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam.BlendOut -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam.EndOffset -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam.PlayRate -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam.StartOffset -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseCurveAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseCurveAnimation.FBaseCurveAnimation() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseCurveAnimation.m_pAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseCurveAnimation.m_pCurve -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveBase*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseHeadPanel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseHeadPanel.FBaseHeadPanel() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseHeadPanel.PlayerId -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBattleHeadPanel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBattleHeadPanel.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseHeadPanel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBattleHeadPanel.cardBlueBgTrans -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBattleHeadPanel.FBattleHeadPanel() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBattleHeadPanel.lineShadowBgTrans -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBattleHeadPanel.materialSmokeInst -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBattleHeadPanel.materialSmokeInstGrey -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.ArcanaId -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.FBD_CmmExistEntry() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.GetCmmAvailable(int day) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.GetNormalAvailable(int day) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.NationalHolidayBitflag -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.NGPlusBitflag -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.NPCBitflag -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.OkBitflag -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.preOpenBitflag -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.SetCmmAvailable(int day, byte value) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.SetNormalAvailable(int day, byte value) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry.SysHolidayBitflag -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBoolProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBoolProperty.byte_mask -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBoolProperty.byte_offset -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBoolProperty.FBoolProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBoolProperty.field_mask -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBoolProperty.field_size -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBoolProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBustupAnim
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBustupAnim.FBustupAnim() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBustupMouthAnim
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBustupMouthAnim.FBustupMouthAnim() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBustupObjectBuffer
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBustupObjectBuffer.FBustupObjectBuffer() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FByteProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FByteProperty.enum_data -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnum*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FByteProperty.FByteProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FByteProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.AoItaColorHigh -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.AoItaColorLow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.AoItaColorMid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.CampOKCaptureScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.CampOKEndScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.CampOKInEndScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.CampOKInScaleAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.CampOKInScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.CampOKInScaleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.CampOKScaleAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.CampOKScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.CampOKScaleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Commu_Far -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Commu_FillColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Commu_Near -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Config_Far -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Config_FillColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Config_Near -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Equip_Far -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Equip_FillColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Equip_Near -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_GuideLine_X -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Item_Far -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Item_FillColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Item_Near -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Key_Lock_Frame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_List_Commu_RedCursor_Anim_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_List_Commu_RedCursor_Slide_Frame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_List_Cursor_Anim_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_List_Cursor_Slide_Frame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_List_Party_RedCursor_Anim_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_List_Party_RedCursor_Slide_Frame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Quest_Far -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Quest_FillColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Quest_Near -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Root_Far -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Root_FillColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Root_Near -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Skill_Far -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Skill_FillColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Skill_Near -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_StatusKeyLockFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Status_Far -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Status_FillColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_Status_Near -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_System_Far -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_System_FillColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.Edit_System_Near -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.FCampParamTableCommonRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradADownColorHigh -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradADownColorLow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradADownColorMid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradAUpColorHigh -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradAUpColorLow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradAUpColorMid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradBDownColorHigh -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradBDownColorLow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradBDownColorMid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradBUpColorHigh -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradBUpColorLow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.GradBUpColorMid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HeroBlurPrev1Alpha -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HeroBlurPrev1Offset -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HeroBlurPrev2Alpha -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HeroBlurPrev2Offset -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HeroCaptureBgColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HeroGaussHorizontal -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HeroGaussScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HeroGaussType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HeroGaussVertical -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HighpassBrightScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HighpassBrightThreshold -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.HPSPFlashFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsCalender -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsCommu -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsEquip -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsItem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsPersona -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsQuest -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsSkill -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsStatus -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsSystem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.LightVecOfsTop -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.ListAllSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.ListAllSlideBackFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.ListAllSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.ListRedSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.ListRedSlideBackFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.ListRedSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.ListRedSlideWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiAlpha -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCalendarAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCalendarAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCalendarAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCalendarAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCalendarBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCalendarBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCalendarBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCalendarBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCommuAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCommuAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCommuAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCommuAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCommuBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCommuBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCommuBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiCommuBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiConfigAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiConfigAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiConfigAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiConfigAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiConfigBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiConfigBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiConfigBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiConfigBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiEquipAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiEquipAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiEquipAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiEquipAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiEquipBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiEquipBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiEquipBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiEquipBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiGaussType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUIGaussType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiItemAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiItemAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiItemAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiItemAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiItemBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiItemBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiItemBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiItemBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiPersonaAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiPersonaAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiPersonaAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiPersonaAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiPersonaBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiPersonaBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiPersonaBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiPersonaBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiQuestAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiQuestAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiQuestAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiQuestAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiQuestBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiQuestBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiQuestBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiQuestBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSkillAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSkillAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSkillAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSkillAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSkillBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSkillBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSkillBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSkillBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiStatusAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiStatusAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiStatusAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiStatusAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiStatusBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiStatusBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiStatusBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiStatusBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSystemAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSystemAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSystemAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSystemAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSystemBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSystemBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSystemBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiSystemBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTopAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTopAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTopAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTopAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTopBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTopBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTopBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTopBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTutorialAAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTutorialAColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTutorialAOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTutorialAScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTutorialBAddBlend -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTutorialBColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTutorialBOfsPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.NamiTutorialBScale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.PartyPanelInFlagSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.PartyPanelInFlagSlideBackFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.PartyPanelInFlagSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.SuitekiAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.SuitekiFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.TabLoopAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.TabLoopFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.TabShakeAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.TabShakeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.WipeChangeCaptureScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.WipeChangeMaskAAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.WipeChangeMaskAFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.WipeChangeMaskBAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.WipeChangeMaskBFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.WipeChangeMaskBWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.WipeCloseMaskAFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommonRow.WipeCloseMaskBWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlBustupChangeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInBustupAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInBustupFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInBustupWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInDescriAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInDescriFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInDescriWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInDetailAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInDetailFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInDetailWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInMemberAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInMemberFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlInMemberWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommDetlOutDetailFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListInListAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListInListFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListInListWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListInSilhouetteAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListInSilhouetteFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListInSilhouetteWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListInSiroItaAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListInSiroItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListInSiroItaWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListOutListFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommListOutSiroItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardFrameMax -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardFrameMin -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardRotAxis1Max -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardRotAxis1Min -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardRotAxis2Max -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardRotAxis2Min -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardScaleMax -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardScaleMin -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardWaitMax -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardWaitMin -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardXAccMax -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.CommuCardXAccMin -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableCommuRow.FCampParamTableCommuRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.BackCateSelPartyOutAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.BackCateSelPartyOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.BackCateSiroItaAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.BackCateSiroItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.BackCompBgScaleAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.BackCompBgScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.BackCompBgScaleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.BackEquipCompOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.BackEquipListOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoChangeInAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoChangeInFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoChangeOutAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoChangeOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInBgPlusAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInBgPlusFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInBgPlusWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInCategoryDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInCategoryFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInCategorySlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInCategorySlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInCategorySlideInterval -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInSelPartyFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInSelPartySlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInSelPartySlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInTabSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CategoInTabSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CompInArrowSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CompInArrowSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CompInDetailSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CompInDetailSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CompInScrollBarSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CompInScrollBarSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CompInSelectListSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CompInSelectListSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.CompInSelectListSlideWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipCompChangeInInfoWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInAoItaAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInAoItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInAoItaWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInBgPlusAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInBgPlusFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInBgPlusWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInCharaEquipDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInCharaEquipFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInCharaEquipSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInCharaEquipSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInCharaEquipSlideInterval -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInCharaEquipSlideWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInPartyPanelDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInPartyPanelWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInSilhouetteAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInSilhouetteFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInSilhouetteWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInSiroItaAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInSiroItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInSiroItaWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInTitleAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInTitleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipInTitleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListChangeInAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListChangeInFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListChangeOutAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListChangeOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListEquipChangeInAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListEquipChangeInFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListEquipChangeOutAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListEquipChangeOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListParamArrowLoopFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.EquipListParamArrowSelectFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.FCampParamTableEquipRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ListInEquipListDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ListInEquipListFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ListInEquipListSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ListInEquipListSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ListInEquipListSlideWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ListInPartyExBgSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ListInPartyExBgSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ListInPartyExInfoFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToCateCharaEquipFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToCateSiroItaAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToCateSiroItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToCateSiroItaWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToCompBg1ScaleAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToCompBg1ScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToCompBg1ScaleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToCompBg2ScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToCompBg2ScaleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToListCharaEquipOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToListSiroItaAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableEquipRow.ToListSiroItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableHologRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableHologRow.FCampParamTableHologRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableHologRow.HologAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableHologRow.HologColorWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableHologRow.HologTransFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableHologRow.HologTransWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.FCampParamTableItemRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemInDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemListAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemListFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemListWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemSilhouetteAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemSilhouetteFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemSilhouetteWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemSiroItaAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemSiroItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemSiroItaWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemTabAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemTabFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemTabWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemTitleAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemTitleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableItemRow.ItemTitleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTablePersonaRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTablePersonaRow.FCampParamTablePersonaRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.CampHumanBrainBlue -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.CampHumanCharmBlue -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.CampHumanCourageBlue -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.CircleYellow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.FCampParamTableRankUpRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HelpTextYellow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanBokasiGreen -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanBokasiRed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanBrainBlue -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCharmBlue -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleColorLoopType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleColorLoop_Frame_0 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleColorLoop_Frame_1 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleColorLoop_Wait_0 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleColorLoop_Wait_1 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleFadeLoopType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleFadeLoop_Frame_0 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleFadeLoop_Frame_1 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleFadeLoop_Wait_0 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleFadeLoop_Wait_1 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleLoopStartWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleScaleLoopType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleScaleUpLoop_Frame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCircleScaleUpLoop_Wait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanCourageBlue -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanHamonLoopScaleDownFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanHamonLoopScaleDownType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanHamonLoopScaleUpFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanHamonLoopScaleUpFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanHamonLoopScaleUpType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanHamonLoopWaitFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanHamonLoopWaitType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInAllBGFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInAllBGFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInAllBGType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInBgSankakuFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInBgSankakuFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInBgSankakuType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInHamonFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInHamonFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInHamonFrameWaitSecond -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInHamonFrameWaitThird -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInHamonType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInHelpSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInHelpSlideFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInHelpSlideType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInRankRotFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInRankRotFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInRankRotType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInRankSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInRankSlideFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInRankSlideType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInSankakuFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInSankakuFrameWaitGreen -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInSankakuFrameWaitRed -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInSankakuFrameWaitWhite -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInSankakuType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInTitleSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInTitleSlideFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanInTitleSlideType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanKeyHelpInFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanKeyHelpOutFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanKeyHelpOutType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxCircleFadeInFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxCircleFadeInFlameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxCircleFadeInType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxCircleFadeOutFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxCircleFadeTwoType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeInAllFlameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeInFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeInFlameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeInType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeOutFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeOutFlameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeOutLastFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeOutLastFlameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeOutType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonScaleInFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonScaleInFlameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonScaleOutType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanMaxHamonScaleType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutAllBgFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutAllBgFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutAllBgType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutBgSankakuFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutBgSankakuFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutBgSankakuType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutHamonFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutHamonFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutHamonType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutHelpSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutHelpSlideFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutHelpSlideType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutRankRotFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutRankRotFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutRankRotType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutSankakuFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutSankakuFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutSankakuType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutTitleSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutTitleSlideFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanOutTitleSlideType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPlusHamonFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeOneFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeScaleOneType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeScaleThreeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeScaleTwoType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeThreeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeTwoFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleScaleOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleScaleOneFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleScaleThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleScaleThreeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleScaleTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleScaleTwoFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpHamonFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpHamonFadeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpHamonFadeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpHamonScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpHamonScaleFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpHamonScaleType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpLightblue -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeOneFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeOneType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeThreeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeThreeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeTwoFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeTwoType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideOneFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideOneType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideThreeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideThreeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideTwoFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideTwoType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpAllCircleScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpAllCircleScaleFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpAllCircleScaleType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpCurrentHelpTextFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpCurrentHelpTextFadeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpCurrentHelpTextFadeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpCurrentNumberFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpCurrentNumberFadeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpCurrentNumberFadeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpHamonFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpHamonFadeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpHamonFadeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpHamonScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpHamonScaleFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpHamonScaleType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpMaskCircleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpMaskCircleFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpMaskCircleType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextHelpTextFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextHelpTextFadeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextHelpTextFadeSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextHelpTextFadeSlideFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextHelpTextFadeSlideType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextHelpTextFadeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextNumberFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextNumberFadeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextNumberFadeSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextNumberFadeSlideFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextNumberFadeSlideType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpNextNumberFadeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeOneFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeOneType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeThreeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeThreeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeTwoFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeTwoType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideOneFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideOneType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideThreeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideThreeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideTwoFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideTwoType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorOneFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorOneType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorThreeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorThreeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorTwoFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorTwoType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleOneFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleOneType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleThreeFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleThreeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleTwoFrameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleTwoType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanSankakuGreen -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.HumanSankakuRed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpFadeInFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpFadeOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpFadeOutScaleSize -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideOneType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideOneWaitFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideOneWaitType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideThreeType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideThreeWaitFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideThreeWaitType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideTwoType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideTwoWaitFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideTwoWaitType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpOutScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.KeyHelpOutScaleType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.MaxCircleFinishFlameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.MaxHamonShiftWaitFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.MaxTriangleBlurFadeInFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.MaxTriangleBlurFadeInFlameWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.MaxTriangleBlurFadeInType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.MaxTriangleBlurFadeOutFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.MaxTriangleBlurFadeOutType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.ParameterNameYellow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.PointUpTextEndPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.PointUpTextStartPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.RankUpTextEndPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableRankUpRow.RankUpTextStartPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.FCampParamTableSkillRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.GunRefInFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.GunRefInWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.GunRefNextFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.GunRefOffset -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.GunRefPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.GunRefRotAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillInDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillListAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillListFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillListWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillPartyAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillPartyFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillPartyFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillPartyInterval -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillPartyWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillSilhouetteAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillSilhouetteFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillSilhouetteWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillSiroItaAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillSiroItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillSiroItaWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillTitleAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillTitleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSkillRow.SkillTitleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_CharacterShadow_Change_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_CharacterShadow_Change_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_CharacterShadow_Change_SlideIn_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_CharacterShadow_InAnimation_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_CharacterShadow_InAnimation_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_CharacterShadow_InAnimation_SlideIn_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskA_Change_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskA_Change_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskA_Change_SlideIn_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskA_InAnimation_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskA_InAnimation_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskA_InAnimation_SlideIn_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskA_OutAnimation_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskA_OutAnimation_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskA_OutAnimation_SlideIn_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskB_Change_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskB_Change_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskB_Change_SlideIn_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskB_InAnimation_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskB_InAnimation_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskB_InAnimation_SlideIn_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskB_OutAnimation_SlideIn_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskB_OutAnimation_SlideIn_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_MaskB_OutAnimation_SlideIn_Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_Theurgia_Icon_Fade_In_Delay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.Edit_Theurgia_Icon_Fade_In_Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FCampParamTableStatusRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FldTheurBgNumSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FldTheurBgNumSlideWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FldTheurBustupSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FldTheurBustupSlideInFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FldTheurBustupSlideInWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FldTheurBustupSlideOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FldTheurPanelSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FldTheurPanelSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.FldTheurPanelSlideWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanBokasiGreen -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanBokasiRed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanCircleLoopFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanHamonAlphaFrameDown -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanHamonAlphaFrameStay -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanHamonAlphaFrameUp -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanHamonAlphaInterval -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanHamonLoopScaleDownFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanHamonLoopScaleUpFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanHamonLoopWaitFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanInBgSankakuFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanInHamonFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanInHelpSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanInRankRotFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanInRankSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanInSankakuFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanInTitleSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanMaxCircleFadeOneFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanMaxCircleFadeTwoFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeOneFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanMaxHamonFadeTwoFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanMaxHamonScaleFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanOutBgSankakuFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanOutHamonFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanOutHelpSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanOutRankRotFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanOutSankakuFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPlusHamonFlame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeScaleOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeScaleThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpBlueCircleFadeScaleTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpHamonFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpHamonScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpTextFadeTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanPointUpTextSlideTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpAllCircleScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpCurrentHelpTextFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpCurrentNumberFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpHamonFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpHamonScaleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpMaskCircleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpNextHelpTextFadeSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpNextNumberFadeSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpTextFadeTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpTextSlideTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleColorTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanRankUpWhiteCircleScaleTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanSankakuGreen -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.HumanSankakuRed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.KeyHelpFadeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideOneFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideOneWaitFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideThreeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideThreeWaitFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideTwoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.KeyHelpMaskSlideTwoWaitFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.ListTabChangeFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailBgNumSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailBgNumSlideInFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailBgNumSlideOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailCharaShadowSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailCharaShadowSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailHahenShadowSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailHahenShadowSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailHanshaSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailHanshaSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailInfoSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailInfoSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailInOutlineAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailInOutlineFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailInOutlineOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailInOutlineWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailLeaderRotAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailLeaderRotInFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailLeaderRotOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailPanelSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailPanelSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailRotation -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailToTheurBgNumSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailToTheurDetailInfoSlideAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailToTheurDetailInfoSlideFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatDetailToTheurLeaderRotFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListBgNoiseAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListBgNoiseFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListBgNoiseRandFrameMax -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListBgNoiseRandFrameMin -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListBgTextAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListBgTextFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListGlassCharaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListGlassCharaWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInKoshoAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInKoshoFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInKoshoWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInSilhouetteAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInSilhouetteFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInSilhouetteWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInTabAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInTabFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListInTabWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListKoshoLogoRotFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListOpeListAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListOpeListFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListPartyRightSideFadeInFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.StatListPartyRightSideFadeOutFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaMaskColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosAegis -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosAmada -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosAragaki -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosFuka -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosHero -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosJunpei -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosKoromaru -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosMituru -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosSanada -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurCharaPosYukari -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosAegis -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosAmada -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosAragaki -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosFuka -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosHero -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosJunpei -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosKoromaru -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosMituru -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosSanada -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableStatusRow.TheurShadowPosYukari -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_Config_Cursor_Angle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_Config_Cursor_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_Config_Text_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_DataLoad_Cursor_Angle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_DataLoad_Cursor_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_DataLoad_Text_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_DataSave_Cursor_Angle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_DataSave_Cursor_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_DataSave_Text_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_Dictionary_Cursor_Angle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_Dictionary_Cursor_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_Dictionary_Text_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_ReturnToTitle_Cursor_Angle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_ReturnToTitle_Cursor_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_ReturnToTitle_Text_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_RollBack_Cursor_Angle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_RollBack_Cursor_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_RollBack_Text_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_Tutorial_Cursor_Angle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_Tutorial_Cursor_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.Edit_CursorOn_Tutorial_Text_Scale -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.FCampParamTableSystemRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopConfigOffPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopConfigOffRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopConfigOnPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopConfigOnRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDataloadOffPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDataloadOffRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDataloadOnPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDataloadOnRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDatasaveOffPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDatasaveOffRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDatasaveOnPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDatasaveOnRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDictionaryOffPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDictionaryOffRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDictionaryOnPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopDictionaryOnRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInAoItaAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInAoItaFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInAoItaWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInMenuDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInTitleAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInTitleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInTitleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInTopMenuFrame1 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInTopMenuFrame2 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopInTopMenuRotFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopRollbackOffPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopRollbackOffRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopRollbackOnPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopRollbackOnRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopTitleOffPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopTitleOffRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopTitleOnPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopTitleOnRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopTutorialOffPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopTutorialOffRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopTutorialOnPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableSystemRow.SystemTopTutorialOnRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.Edit_Top_Reselect_Key_Lock_Frame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.FCampParamTableTopRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInMenuAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInMenuDist -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInMenuFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInMenuInterval -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInMenuWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInRedCursorAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInRedCursorFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInRedCursorWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInTitleAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInTitleFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInTitleWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInWhiteCursorAnimType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EOneAnimType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInWhiteCursorFrame -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCampParamTableTopRow.TopInWhiteCursorWait -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FClassProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FClassProperty.FClassProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FClassProperty.meta -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FClassProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FObjectProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage.Day -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage.FCldDateMessage() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage.Key -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage.Month -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage.MsgLabel -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage.Period -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateMsgPeriod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage.TotalDay -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage.VisibleFlag -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessageMonth
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessageMonth.Data -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessage>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessageMonth.FCldDateMessageMonth() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateTableItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateTableItem.Day -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateTableItem.FCldDateTableItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateTableItem.IsHoliday -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateTableItem.IsPublicHoliday -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateTableItem.Month -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateTableItem.MoonAge -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateTableItem.NumColorType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldDateColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor.A -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor.B -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor.FColor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor.FColor(byte r, byte g, byte b, byte a) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor.FColor(uint color) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor.G -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor.R -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor.SetColor(uint color) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventData.FCommunityEventData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventData.major -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventData.Minor -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventData.Rank -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventTable
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventTable.FCommunityEventTable() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventTable.LoverRankUpTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventTable.NotRankUpTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventData>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventTable.RankUpTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.Brain -> sbyte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.charm -> sbyte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.Courage -> sbyte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.FCommunityRankUpEventData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.Flag0 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.Flag1 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.Flag2 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.Flag3 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.major -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.Minor -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.Point -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityRankUpEventData.Rank -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview.Field48 -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview.FirstCharacter -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BmdDataLetter*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview.Id -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview.LastCharacter -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BmdDataLetter*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview.LetterCount -> ulong
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview.Next -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview.Previous -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage.baseColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage.BmdBufferPage -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage.BmdBufferStart -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage.CharacterData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdCharacterOverview*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage.cursorPos -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage.FCurrentBmdPage() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage.LineCount -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveFloatAnimation.FCurveFloatAnimation() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveLinearColorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveLinearColorAnimation.FCurveLinearColorAnimation() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseCurveAnimation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation.FCurveVectorAnimation() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurveVectorAnimation.m_pCurveVector -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveVector*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitItem.equip -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitItem.FDatUnitItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersona
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersona.equip -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersona.FDatUnitPersona() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersona.GetPersona(int i) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Agility -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Endurance -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Experience -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.FDatUnitPersonaEntry() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Field08 -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Flags -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.GetParamTotal(int pId) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.GetSkill(int i) -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Id -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Level -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Luck -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Magic -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry.Strength -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitSpecialSkill
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitSpecialSkill.FDatUnitSpecialSkill() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitSpecialSkill.skillId -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus.affinity -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus.bad -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus.Exp -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus.FDatUnitStatus() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus.Hp -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus.Level -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus.personalSkill -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus.Sp -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus.tp -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitSupport
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitSupport.appointment -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitSupport.FDatUnitSupport() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitSupport.valid -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.FDatUnitWork() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.flags -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.genus -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.ID -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.Item -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.maxHpUp -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.maxSpUp -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.Message -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.Operation -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.persona -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersona
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.specialSkill -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitSpecialSkill
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.Status -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork.support -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitSupport
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDelegateProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDelegateProperty.FDelegateProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDelegateProperty.func -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDelegateProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEnumProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEnumProperty.enum_data -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnum*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEnumProperty.FEnumProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEnumProperty.underlying_type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEnumProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEquipListItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEquipListItem.FEquipListItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEquipListItem.ItemCount -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEquipListItem.ItemId -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.AnimArray -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlSlotMultiAnimationParam>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.Animation -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAnimSequenceBase*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.BlendIn -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.BlendOut -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.CharaAnimationType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.EndOffset -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.PlayRate -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.SlotName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.SlotType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtCharaAnimationSlotType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload.StartOffset -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.BmdAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBmdAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.bMessageRefAffected -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.bPauseSequencer -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.bWithSelect -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.EventMessageID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.EventName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.FEvtDialoguePayload() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.MessageMajorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.MessageMinorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.MessageNo -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.MessagePageID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.MessageSubID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.SelectID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.SelectMessageMajorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.SelectMessageMinorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.SelectMessageSubID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.SelectResponceToLocalDataID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload.SeqEventMessageID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload.ColorB -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload.ColorG -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload.ColorR -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload.EventName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload.FadeFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload.FadeScreenType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EEvtFadeScreenType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload.FadeType -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload.FEvtFadeScreenPayload() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtScriptPayload
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtScriptPayload.BfAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBfAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtScriptPayload.BmdAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBmdAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtScriptPayload.bPauseSequencer -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtScriptPayload.bUseBmdAssetInBfAsset -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtScriptPayload.EventName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtScriptPayload.FEvtScriptPayload() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtScriptPayload.ProcNo -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField.class_private -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField.FField() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField.flags_private -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField.name_private -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField.next -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField.owner -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldObjectUnion
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField._vtable -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldClass
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldClass.ctor -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldClass.default_obj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldClass.FFieldClass() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldClass.name -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldClass.super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldEventInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldEventInfo.FFieldEventInfo() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldEventInfo.FieldCameraActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldHeadPanel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldHeadPanel.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBaseHeadPanel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldHeadPanel.cardBlueBgTrans -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldHeadPanel.FFieldHeadPanel() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldObjectUnion
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldObjectUnion.b_is_uobj -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldObjectUnion.FFieldObjectUnion() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFieldObjectUnion.field_or_obj -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.attack -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.AutoRecover -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.BackLog -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.CameraDefault -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.CameraZoomIn -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.CameraZoomOut -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.Camp -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.Check -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.DailyMenu -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.DebugCamera -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.DungeonMenu -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.FFldCharKeyParam() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.LargeMap -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.Save -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam.VoiceActionDisp -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFldCharKeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharSpeed
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharSpeed.Assault -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharSpeed.Dash -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharSpeed.FFldCharSpeed() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharSpeed.Run -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharSpeed.Walk -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPartnerData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPartnerData.AvoidPlayerDistance -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPartnerData.FFldPartnerData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPartnerData.TrackingBeginDistance -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPartnerData.TrackingNearDistance -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPartnerData.TrackingUpdateDistance -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.AnimBlendTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.AnimId -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EDungeonAnimID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.BeginReceivingInputTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.EndReceivingInputTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.FFldPlayerAttackData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.NextAttackId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.SlideRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.SlideScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.SlideScaleTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.SwitchFreeStateTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.SwitchNextAttackTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.VoiceId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackData.WeaponAnimId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackGuideData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackGuideData.Angle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackGuideData.FFldPlayerAttackGuideData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackGuideData.GuideAngle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackGuideData.Range -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.Acceleration -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.AssaultAttackId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.AssaultGetTpLv1 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.AssaultGetTpLv2 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.AssaultUpsetRateLv1 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.AssaultUpsetRateLv2 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.AttackGuide -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerAttackGuideData>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.AttackToMoveBlendTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.BrakingSlideTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.BrakingTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.DashAttackId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.Deceleration -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.EncoutRadius -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.FFldPlayerData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.IdleAttackId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.InputDeadZone -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.InputInterpolation -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerInputInterpolationData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.InputWalkZone -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.ReverseBrakingSlideTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.ReverseBrakingTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.RotSpeed -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.RotSpeed_Walk -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.Rumble -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.RunAttackId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.SwitchingTimeToAssault -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.SwitchingTimeToAssaultLv2 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.TurnMoveRot -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.TurnSpeed -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData.WalkAttackId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerInputInterpolationData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerInputInterpolationData.Border -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerInputInterpolationData.FFldPlayerInputInterpolationData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerInputInterpolationData.MaxAgnle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerInputInterpolationData.MaxFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerInputInterpolationData.MinAgnle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerInputInterpolationData.MinFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldShortcutData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldShortcutData.FFldShortcutData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldShortcutData.mEnable -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldShortcutData.mName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldShortcutData.mShortcutIndex -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFontParameterValue
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFontParameterValue.ExpressionGUID -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFontParameterValue.FFontParameterValue() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFontParameterValue.FontPage -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFontParameterValue.ParameterInfo -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FForceFeedbackChannelDetails
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FForceFeedbackChannelDetails.bAffectsLeftLarge -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FForceFeedbackChannelDetails.bAffectsLeftSmall -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FForceFeedbackChannelDetails.bAffectsRightLarge -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FForceFeedbackChannelDetails.bAffectsRightSmall -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FForceFeedbackChannelDetails.Curve -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeFloatCurve
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FForceFeedbackChannelDetails.FForceFeedbackChannelDetails() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.bArrayContextFailed -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.Code -> byte*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.CurrentNativeFunction -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.FFrame() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.Locals -> byte*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.MostRecentProperty -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.MostRecentPropertyAddress -> byte*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.Node -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.Object -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.PreviousFrame -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrame.PropertyChainForCompiledIn -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber.FFrameNumber() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber.Value -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRange
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRange.FFrameNumberRange() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRange.LowerBound -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRangeBound
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRange.UpperBound -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRangeBound
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRangeBound
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRangeBound.FFrameNumberRangeBound() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRangeBound.Type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERangeBoundTypes
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRangeBound.Value -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameRate
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameRate.Denominator -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameRate.FFrameRate() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameRate.Numerator -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameTime
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameTime.FFrameTime() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameTime.FrameNumber -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameTime.SubFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGenericSelectCharacterTextureItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGenericSelectCharacterTextureItem.FGenericSelectCharacterTextureItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGetUIParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGetUIParameter.AssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGetUIParameter.FGetUIParameter() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid.FGuid() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FHeroParameterTable
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FHeroParameterTable.FHeroParameterTable() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FHeroParameterTable.Points -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FIoChunkId
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FIoChunkId.FIoChunkId() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FIoChunkId.GetByte(int idx) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FIoChunkId.GetId() -> string
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FIoChunkId.GetTypeHash() -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FItemListItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FItemListItem.bIsNew -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FItemListItem.FItemListItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FItemListItem.ItemCount -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FItemListItem.ItemId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FItemListItem.MsgToken -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonAuto
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonAuto.ActivationState -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonAuto.Field540 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpInterpolate
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonAuto.FKeyHelpButtonAuto() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonAuto.Super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.FKeyHelpButtonBase() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.GetSpriteLayout(int i) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonUILayout*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.keyHelpPlg -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.keyHelpSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.keyHelpSpr2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.KeyHelpTransparency -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.moviePauseMainColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.moviePausePulseColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.SpriteCount -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase.TextLayout -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonUILayout
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonFastForward
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonFastForward.ActivationState -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonFastForward.Field538 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpInterpolate
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonFastForward.FKeyHelpButtonFastForward() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonFastForward.Super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonUILayout
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonUILayout.Color -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpButtonUILayout.FKeyHelpButtonUILayout() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpInterpolate
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpInterpolate.Field1C -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpInterpolate.Field20 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FKeyHelpInterpolate.FKeyHelpInterpolate() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLazyObjectPtr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLazyObjectPtr.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TPersistentObjectPtr<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUniqueObjectGuid>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLazyObjectPtr.FLazyObjectPtr() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLevelSequenceObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLevelSequenceObject.ComponentName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLevelSequenceObject.FLevelSequenceObject() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLevelSequenceObject.ObjectOrOwner -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TLazyObjectPtr<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLightmassMaterialInterfaceSettings
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLightmassMaterialInterfaceSettings.FLightmassMaterialInterfaceSettings() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor.A -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor.B -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor.FLinearColor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor.FLinearColor(float r, float g, float b, float a) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor.G -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor.R -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor.SetColor(uint color) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ACOS = 45 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_EQUIP_PERSONA_PARAMS = 116 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_EQUIP_PERSONA_PARAMS_INC = 117 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_GET_ITEM_LIST = 20501 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_GET_ITEM_LIST_MONEY = 20509 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_HERO_PARAM_EXP = 12300 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_MAXHP_UP = 121 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_MAXSP_UP = 123 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_PC_MONEY = 101 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_PERSONA_SKILL = 85 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_PERSONA_STOCK = 83 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_REQUEST_ITEM_AND_CLEAR_FLAG_ON = 20544 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ADD_SPECIAL_SKILL = 109 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_ATTACK = 4097 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_ATTACK_WEAK = 4340 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_BADSKILL = 4342 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_BADSTATE = 4343 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_DEBUFF = 4344 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_ESCAPE = 4205 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_FIXED = 4345 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_GUARDORDER = 4099 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_HEAL = 4339 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_HIGHSKILL = 4338 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_REZ = 4341 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_SKILL = 4098 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_SKILL_EX = 4306 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_SKIP = 4225 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_TAKEOVER = 4316 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_THEURGIA = 4348 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_UNKNOWN_ATTR = 4346 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_WAIT = 4224 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ACT_WAIT2 = 4226 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_ADD_REINFORCEMENT = 4206 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ABLEWEAK = 4336 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ANALYZE = 4124 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_BOSS = 4122 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_DOWN = 4125 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENALLHP = 4234 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENBAD = 4156 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENBAD_ALL = 4235 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENBAD_NOTALL = 4237 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENCNT = 4153 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENCOUNT = 4258 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENGROUP = 4204 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENHANSYA = 4136 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENHANSYA_ST = 4248 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENHOJO = 4163 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENHP = 4149 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENHP_O = 4150 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENID = 4119 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDBAD = 4271 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDBAD_ALL = 4272 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDHANSYA = 4276 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDHOJO = 4273 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDHP = 4268 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDHREC = 4281 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDKYUSYU = 4277 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDLV_O = 4270 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDMUKOU = 4275 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDSP = 4269 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDUSEATTR = 4279 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDUSEGROUP = 4280 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDUSESKIL = 4278 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENIDWEAK = 4274 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENKYUSYU = 4139 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENKYUSYU_ST = 4250 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENMUKOU = 4132 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENMUKOU_ST = 4244 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENTAISEI = 4133 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENTAISEI_ST = 4246 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENUSEATTR = 4253 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENUSESKIL = 4144 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENWEAK = 4129 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ENWEAK_ST = 4242 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ESCAPE = 4123 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_EXCEPT_ENCOUNT = 4335 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FMTADVANTAGE = 4231 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FMTNML = 4232 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FMTPINCH = 4230 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRALLHP = 4233 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRBAD = 4155 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRBAD_ALL = 4313 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRBAD_NOTALL = 4236 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRCNT = 4152 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRGROUP = 4203 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRHANSYA = 4135 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRHANSYA_ST = 4247 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRHOJO = 4162 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRHP = 4148 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRID = 4118 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDBAD = 4168 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDBAD_ALL = 4169 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDHANSYA = 4173 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDHOJO = 4170 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDHP = 4167 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDHREC = 4267 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDKYUSYU = 4174 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDLV_O = 4264 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDMUKOU = 4172 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDSP = 4263 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDUSEATTR = 4265 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDUSEGROUP = 4266 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDUSESKIL = 4175 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRIDWEAK = 4171 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRKYUSYU = 4138 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRKYUSYU_ST = 4249 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRMUKOU = 4131 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRMUKOU_ST = 4243 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRTAISEI = 4240 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRTAISEI_ST = 4245 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRUSEATTR = 4252 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRUSESKIL = 4143 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRWEAK = 4128 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_FRWEAK_ST = 4241 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_ID_FRTARGET = 4327 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MORE = 4117 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYABLESKIL = 4254 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYATTRSKIL = 4255 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYBAD = 4154 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYGROUP = 4202 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYHANSYA = 4134 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYHOJO = 4161 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYHP = 4145 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYHREC = 4256 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYID = 4238 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYKYUSYU = 4137 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYMP = 4146 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYMUKOU = 4130 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYSP = 4147 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYTAISEI = 4239 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYUSEATTR = 4251 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYUSESKIL = 4142 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_MYWEAK = 4127 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_NOTENBAD = 4160 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_NOTENHOJO = 4166 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_NOTFRBAD = 4159 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_NOTFRHOJO = 4165 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_NOTMYBAD = 4158 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_NOTMYHOJO = 4164 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_PREV_ATK = 4140 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_PREV_DAMAGE_ATTR = 4358 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_PREV_WAIT = 4141 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_SEQUENCE = 4282 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_SLIP = 4126 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_SUMMONCNT = 4207 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_SUMMONED = 4257 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_TAKEOVER = 4317 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_THEURGIA = 4347 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_TURN = 4120 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_TURNDIVI = 4284 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_TURNEQUAL = 4283 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_TURN_O = 4121 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_UNIANALYZE_OPEN = 4326 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_UNIATTACK = 4319 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_UNIBAD = 4157 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_UNIHOJO = 4333 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_UNIHP = 4151 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_CHK_UNINOMAL = 4330 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_ATTRSKIL = 4334 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_ENBADOFF = 4177 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_ENBAD_ON = 4332 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_ENCOUNT_ID = 4351 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_ENID_ACTTURNCOUNT = 4309 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_ENID_MAXSERIAL = 4179 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_E_NUM = 4181 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_FIRST_ACTION = 4176 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_FRBAD_ON = 4331 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_FRHP = 4182 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_FRID_ACTTURNCOUNT = 4311 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_GLOBAL = 4195 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_MYATTRATTACK = 4178 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_MY_ID = 4286 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_P_MAX_HP = 4323 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_P_MAX_SP = 4324 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_P_NOW_HP = 4321 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_P_NOW_SP = 4322 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_P_NUM = 4180 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_P_ORDER = 4285 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNI = 4287 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIATAB = 4184 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIATAB_DW = 4186 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIATAB_ST = 4185 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIBESTATTRSKIL = 4337 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIHANSYA = 4190 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIHPMIN = 4325 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIKYUSYU = 4191 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIMUKOU = 4192 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIQUE_HIT_HPMIN = 4349 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIRANDOM = 4183 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIRESIST = 4193 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIWEAK = 4187 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIWEAK_DW = 4189 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNIWEAK_ST = 4188 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNI_ATTACK = 4329 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_GET_UNI_NOANALYZE = 4328 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_RND = 4194 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_SEQUENCE_BEGIN = 4096 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_SET_ENID_MAXACTTURN = 4310 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_SET_FRID_MAXACTTURN = 4312 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_SET_GLOBAL = 4197 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_SET_MANUAL_OPERATE = 4352 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_APPOINT = 4114 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_BAD = 4106 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_BAD_ST = 4370 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_DOWN = 4110 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_HANSYA = 4208 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_HANSYA_ST = 4216 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_HERO = 4100 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_HOJO = 4108 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_HPMAX = 4105 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_HPMIN = 4104 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_ID = 4112 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_KYUSYU = 4209 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_KYUSYU_ST = 4217 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_MAN_RND = 4259 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_MINE = 4101 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_MPMAX = 4115 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_MUKOU = 4210 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_MUKOU_ST = 4218 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_MYAI = 4103 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTBAD = 4107 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTBADID = 4262 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTBAD_ST = 4371 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTHANSYA = 4212 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTHANSYA_ST = 4220 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTHOJO = 4109 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTID = 4113 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTKYUSYU = 4213 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTKYUSYU_ST = 4221 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTMUKOU = 4214 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTMUKOU_ST = 4222 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTSUPPORTID = 4261 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTWEAK = 4215 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_NOTWEAK_ST = 4223 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_RND = 4102 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_SPMAX = 4116 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_STAND = 4111 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_TAKAYAJOIN_ID = 4353 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_UID = 4320 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_WEAK = 4211 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_WEAK_ST = 4219 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.AI_TAR_WOMAN_RND = 4260 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ASIN = 44 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ATAN = 46 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ATAN2 = 47 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BACKLOG_ADD_INVALID_OFF = 16394 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BACKLOG_ADD_INVALID_ON = 16393 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BGM = 57 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BGM_FADEIN = 59 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BGM_STOP = 58 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BIT_CHK = 14 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BIT_OFF = 13 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BIT_ON = 12 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CHK_HIGH_ANALYZE = 4375 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CHK_PARTYIN_ID = 4315 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CINEMASCOPE_END = 4293 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CINEMASCOPE_START = 4292 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_COUNTDOWN_HIDDEN = 4300 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_COUNTDOWN_PLAY = 4290 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_COUNTDOWN_REDUCE = 4359 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_COUNTDOWN_SPEED = 4291 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_COUNTDOWN_START = 4288 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_COUNTDOWN_STOP = 4289 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_COUNTDOWN_TIME_GET = 4360 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_COUNTDOWN_VISIBLE = 4299 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CUTSCENE_ALLLOAD = 4368 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CUTSCENE_ALLLOADSYNC = 4369 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CUTSCENE_END = 4298 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CUTSCENE_LOAD = 4294 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CUTSCENE_LOADSYNC = 4295 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CUTSCENE_PLAY = 4296 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CUTSCENE_PLAY_ACTOR3 = 4308 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_CUTSCENE_SYNC = 4297 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_END_FADE_IN = 4364 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_EVENT_RETURN_VALUE = 4356 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_GET_COUNTER = 4196 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_GET_CURRENT_CHARAID = 4199 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_GET_ERZ_ID = 4357 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_GET_NYX_ID = 4318 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_KEY_ENABLE = 4350 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_PARTYPANEL_DISP = 4362 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_PARTYPANEL_HIDE = 4363 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_PLAY_BG_ANIM = 4307 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_PLAY_BG_RAIL_ANIM = 4303 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_PLAY_BG_STRAP_ANIM = 4305 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_PLAY_EVENT_VOICE = 4355 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_RELOCATION = 4354 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_RELOCATION_BTLEND = 4365 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_REQ_ASSIST = 4304 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_REQ_ASSIST_SEQ = 4314 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_SET_COUNTER = 4198 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_SET_FORCE_MSG_MODE = 4366 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_SET_SHOW_BADSTATUS_ICON = 4372 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_SHUFFLE_CLEAN_FLAG_ALL = 4228 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_SHUFFLE_CLEAN_FLAG_ENTRANCE = 4229 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_SHUFFLE_DECIDE_MAJORARCANA = 4227 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_TP_ANIMATION = 4361 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_TUTORIAL_REQUEST = 4367 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_UI_HIDDEN = 4302 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_UI_VISIBLE = 4301 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_WIPE_IN = 4373 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.BTL_WIPE_SYNC = 4374 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_ADD_MONEY = 20498 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_ADD_MONEY_AUTO_CLOSE = 20540 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_ANTIQUE_SHOP_LV = 20484 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_CALENDAR = 20 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_CAMP_CALENDAR = 20533 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_CLEAR_SAVE = 20564 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_DICTIONARY = 131 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_DISAPPEAR_LIST = 20529 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_DUNGEON = 8199 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_EVENT = 16384 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_EVENTBATTLE = 4201 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_EVENT_CMM = 16385 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_FIELD = 8197 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_FIELDBATTLE = 4200 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_ITEM_SHOP_LV = 20481 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_KEYFREE_EVENT = 8198 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_LEVEL = 28 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_LMAP = 20506 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_MONEY_PANEL = 20496 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_NAME_ENTRY = 20534 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_NEXTTIME = 21 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_PUBLIC_SHOP = 20483 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_STAFFROLL = 20566 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_TITLE = 102 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_TUTORIAL = 17 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_VELVET_REQUEST = 20542 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_VELVET_ROOM_LV = 20482 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CALL_WEAPON_SHOP_LV = 20480 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHANGE_EQUIP_ITEM = 139 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHANGE_MINIMAP = 20514 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHECK_ADC_ITEM_VALID = 20554 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHECK_DATA_INHERITANCE = 20559 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHECK_FULLHPSP_ALL = 89 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHECK_NEW_QUEST_EXIST = 20555 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_ARBEIT_ENABLE = 146 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_CHUNK_INSTALL = 133 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_CHUNK_INSTALL_DIALOG = 135 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_DAY = 24 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_DAYOFWEEK = 27 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_DAYS_STARTEND = 25 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_FRIEND_SKILL_ADD = 20537 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_PARTY_FULL = 63 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_PERSONA_EVOLUTION = 88 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CHK_TIME = 26 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CINEMASCOPE_END = 20500 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CINEMASCOPE_END_ANIME = 20528 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CINEMASCOPE_START = 20499 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CINEMASCOPE_START_ANIME = 20527 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CLEAR_PERSONA_STOCK = 82 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CLEAR_SPECIAL_SKILL = 111 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CLOSE_LMAP = 20507 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CLOSE_MAIL_MENU = 20516 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CLOSE_MONEY_PANEL = 20497 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CLOSE_PICTURE = 20532 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CLOSE_SUPPORT_PARTY_PANEL = 20511 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_ADD_ID = 12306 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_CALL_CONF_COMMUNITY = 12295 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_CALL_EVENT_SET_ARCANAID = 12309 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_CHECK_CHRISTMAS_EVENT = 12320 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_CHECK_HERO_PARAM_LOCK = 12296 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_CHECK_HOLIDAY_EVENT = 12307 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_CHECK_MOVIES_EVENT = 12317 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_CHECK_SUMMER_FESTIVAL_EVENT = 12314 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_CHK_ARCANA_PSSTOCK = 12294 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_CHK_LVUP = 12291 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_EXEC_CHRISTMAS_EVENT = 12322 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_EXEC_EVENT = 12292 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_EXEC_HOLIDAY_EVENT = 12310 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_EXEC_MOVIES_EVENT = 12319 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_EXEC_SUMMER_FESTIVAL_EVENT = 12316 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_GET_CHRISTMAS_EVENT_MAILID = 12321 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_GET_LV = 12288 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_GET_MOVIES_EVENT_MAILID = 12318 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_GET_PRESENT_CHRISTMAS_REACTION_MESSAGE_LABEL = 12324 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_GET_PRESENT_HERO_MESSAGE_LABEL = 12312 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_GET_PRESENT_POINT = 12313 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_GET_PRESENT_REACTION_MESSAGE_LABEL = 12311 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_GET_REVERSE_POINT = 12301 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_GET_SUMMER_FESTIVAL_EVENT_MAILID = 12315 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_HOLIDAY_EVENT_GET_ARCANAID = 12308 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_LVUP = 12290 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_NAME = 12304 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_PC_NAME = 12303 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_POINT_ANIM_SYNC = 20557 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_RANKUP = 20508 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_SET_LV = 12289 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_SET_PC_NAME_V = 12323 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CMM_SET_REVERSE_POINT = 12293 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.COMSE_PLAY = 118 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.COMSE_STOP = 119 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.COS = 42 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CUTIN_START = 16386 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CUTIN_START_EX = 16392 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.CUTIN_STOP = 16387 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DBG_PUT = 32 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DBG_PUTS = 33 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DBG_SCRIPT_START = 100 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DEBUG_SET_DAY = 126 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DISP_HERO_PARAM_METER = 12298 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DISP_HERO_PARAM_RANK_UP = 12299 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ACCIDENT_ABNORMAL_STATE = 8246 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ACCIDENT_CHANGE_SYMBOL = 8243 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ACCIDENT_DARK_ZONE = 8244 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ACCIDENT_IMMEDJATE_EFFECT = 8247 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ACCIDENT_LIMITED_BATTLE = 8248 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ACCIDENT_PARTY_DIVISION = 8245 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ATOMFOG_HIDDEN = 8265 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_AUTO_RECOVER = 8326 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_BEGINEVENT = 8255 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CHARACOSTUME_RELOAD = 8370 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CHECK_FDOOR_FLOOR = 8263 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CHECK_FLOOR_OPEN = 8310 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CHECK_GATEKEEPER_FLOOR = 8262 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CHECK_MISSING_FLOOR = 8217 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CHECK_OPEN_FDOOR = 8259 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CHECK_PC_SKILL = 8329 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CHECK_PLAYER_START_PART = 8319 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CLEAR_EVENT_TRANS_ORIGIN = 8347 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_CONTINUATION = 8202 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_DESTORY_DIRECT_SYMBOL = 8226 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_DESTROY_MISSING_NPC = 8350 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ENDEVENT = 8256 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ENEMY_DIE = 8384 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ENEMY_DIE_EFFECT = 8390 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_EVACUATION = 8203 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_EVENT_BATTLE_WIPE_START = 8343 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_EXECUTE_PARTNER_POS = 8331 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_FIELDBATTLE_CLEAR_KEYLOCK = 8311 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_FIELDBATTLE_END = 8296 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_FLOORFLAGS_CHECK_EXIST = 8273 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_FLOORFLAGS_CHECK_FLAG = 8274 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_FLOORFLAGS_SET_FLAG = 8275 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_FORCED_OPEN_TBOX = 8346 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_AREA = 8332 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_AREA_MINOR = 8333 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_ARRIVAL_FLOORNO = 8216 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_ENEMY_NUM = 8297 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_FLOORNO = 8215 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_MISSING_ID = 8313 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_MONAD_ENCOUNTID = 8345 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_PARTNUM = 8382 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_TBOX_ITEM_SET_COUNTER = 8386 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_GET_TBOX_NUM = 8340 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_INFO_SUPPORT = 8254 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_INFO_SUPPORT_TALK = 8312 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_INFO_SUPPORT_WAIT = 8314 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_LMAP_OPEN = 20523 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_MISSING_SE_STOP = 8351 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_MOVE_FDOOR = 8211 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_MOVE_FREEID = 8253 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_NEXTFLOOR = 8200 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_OPEN_TBOX = 8249 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_PARTNER_ITEM_ID = 8240 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_PARTNER_ITEM_NUM = 8241 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_PARTNER_ITEM_PAC_NUM = 8260 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_PARTNER_ITEM_REFLECT = 8261 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_PARTNER_MONEY = 8242 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_PARTNER_RELOAD = 8355 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_PARTNER_TBOX_NUM = 8239 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_PARTY_ASSEMBLE = 8231 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_PARTY_DISPERSED = 8230 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_REAPER_APPEAR_TIME = 8316 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_REAPER_CONTINUE_APPEAR_TIME = 8317 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_REAPER_SPAWN_START_PART = 8318 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_REMOVE_TBOX_ITEMINFO = 8235 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_RESET_CHARA_BEHAVIOR = 8383 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_RESET_CHARA_QUICK = 8403 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_RETRY_BACKUP = 8303 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_RETRY_RESTORE = 8304 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_ROLLBACK = 8315 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SECRETGATE_SPAWN = 8367 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SEPARATELEY_GETITEMID = 8373 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SEPARATELEY_GETITEMTYPENUM = 8372 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SEPARATELEY_GETITENUM = 8374 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SEPARATELEY_PARTYIN = 8375 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SEPARATELEY_REQUEST = 8371 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SET_ENEMY_CONDITION = 8299 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SET_EVENT_TRANS_ORIGIN = 8322 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SET_FLOOR_OPEN = 8309 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SET_PARTNER_POS = 8330 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SITUATION_HELP = 8353 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SITUATION_HELP_ITEM = 8354 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SITUATION_HELP_MONEY = 8364 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SPSKILL_ESCAPEROAD = 8229 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SPSKILL_JAMMING = 8228 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SPSKILL_TARTARUSSEARCH = 8227 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_SUPPORT_SKILL = 8327 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_TALK_SETDELAY = 8368 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_TALK_WAITDELAY = 8369 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_TBOXSE_STOP = 8348 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_TBOX_CHECK_ENCOUNT = 8266 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_TBOX_GET_ITEM_ID = 8232 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_TBOX_GET_ITEM_NUM = 8233 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_TBOX_GET_MONEY = 8234 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_TBOX_GET_TYPE = 8238 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.DUNGEON_TRANSFER = 8201 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_ASSET_OVERWRITE = 16397 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_ATTACH_BAG = 16401 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_CALL_BATTLE_WIPE = 16408 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_DESTROY_BAG = 16402 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_ENABLE_SKIP_BC = 16410 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_FCL_VOICE_STOP = 16414 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_GAMEOVER_POEM = 16411 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_GET_FADE_COLOR = 16413 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_GET_LOCAL_COUNT = 16389 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_GET_LOCAL_DATA = 16391 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_HIDE_CHARACTER = 16412 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_HIDE_TEXTURE = 16407 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_LOAD_TEXTURE_SYNC = 16405 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_PUSH_TEXTURE_TO_LOAD = 16403 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_SEND_ANSWER_SELINFO = 16400 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_SET_LOCAL_COUNT = 16388 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_SET_LOCAL_DATA = 16390 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_SE_PLAY = 16398 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_SE_STOP = 16399 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_SHOW_TEXTURE = 16406 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_SHOW_TEXTURE_DEFAULT = 16409 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.EVT_START_LODING_TEXTURE = 16404 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FADEEND_CHECK = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FADE_COLOR = 90 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FADE_IN = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FADE_OUT = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FADE_SYNC = 10 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FAKE_DATE_RESET = 20513 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FAKE_DATE_SET = 20512 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLDANIMOBJ_REQUEST_ANIMATION = 8258 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CAMERA_DEFAULT_INTERP = 8287 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CAMERA_GET_DOT_HORIZON = 8365 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CAMERA_LOCK = 8288 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CAMERA_LOCK_INTERP = 8285 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CAMERA_LOCK_INTERP_RELATIVE = 8352 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CAMERA_LOCK_SYNC_INTERP = 8286 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CAMERA_SHAKE_END = 8360 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CAMERA_SHAKE_START = 8359 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CAMERA_UNLOCK = 8289 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHARA_CLEAR_LOOKAT = 8378 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHARA_MOVE_TO_FRONT_CHARA = 8341 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHARA_SET_LOOKAT_ROTATION = 8377 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHARA_SET_LOOKAT_TARGET = 8381 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHARA_START_TURN = 8335 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHARA_START_TURN_TO_NPC = 8393 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHARA_SYNC_TRANSLATE = 8237 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHARA_SYNC_TURN = 8336 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHARA_WALK_TRANSLATE = 8236 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHECK_INIT_AFTER_LOAD_SAVEDATA = 8395 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHK_CAMERA_LOCK = 8344 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_CHK_HERO_HAVE_BAG = 8342 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_COMSE_PLAY = 8271 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_COMSE_STOP = 8272 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_ACTOR_SET_VISIBLE = 8222 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_ANIM = 8221 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_CLEAR_DELAY_STOP = 8301 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_CLEAR_DELAY_STOP_ALL = 8302 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_END_ANIM = 8337 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_FACE_ANIM = 8323 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_ICON_END = 8307 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_ICON_SET_SCALE = 8308 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_ICON_START = 8305 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_ICON_START_EX = 8306 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_MODEL_CLEAR_LOOKAT = 8389 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_MODEL_LOOKAT_ROTATION = 8387 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_MODEL_LOOKAT_TARGET = 8388 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_NECK_ANIM = 8324 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_OBJ_GET_NOW_ANIM_INDEX = 8406 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_SET_DELAY_STOP = 8300 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_SET_IMD_STOP = 8334 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_SYNC_ANIM = 8264 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FAM_SYNC_NECK_ANIM = 8325 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FOLLOWER_MODEL_RESET_POS = 8376 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_FREECAMERA_RESET = 8363 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_GET_FAM_INDEX_CMMNPC = 8220 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_GET_FAM_INDEX_DOOR = 8328 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_GET_FAM_INDEX_NPC = 8219 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_GET_FAM_INDEX_OBJECT = 8218 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_GET_FAM_INDEX_PLAYER = 8290 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_GET_KEYFREE_EVENT_ID = 8207 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_GET_MAJOR = 8205 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_GET_MINOR = 8206 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_HERO_FUKIDASHI_END = 8362 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_HERO_FUKIDASHI_START = 8361 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_HERO_MODEL_RELOAD = 8356 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_HERO_REGIST_PHONE_MODEL = 8358 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_LOCAL_COUNTER_GET = 8196 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_LOCAL_COUNTER_SET = 8195 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_LOCAL_FLAG_CHECK = 8194 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_LOCAL_FLAG_OFF = 8193 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_LOCAL_FLAG_ON = 8192 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MAIL_ORDER_CALL_SCRIPT = 8283 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MAIL_ORDER_CHECK = 8276 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MAIL_ORDER_GET_INDEX = 8278 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MAIL_ORDER_GET_ITEM_MSGID = 8282 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MAIL_ORDER_GET_MONEY = 8280 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MAIL_ORDER_PAY_THE_PRICE = 8284 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MAIL_ORDER_RECIEVE_CHECK = 8277 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MAIL_ORDER_SET_ITEM = 8281 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MAIL_ORDER_VSET = 8279 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MODEL_DIR_TRANSLATE = 8338 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MODEL_START_TURN_TO_MODEL = 8394 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_MOVE_FLOOR_DAILY = 8385 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_NPC_FLAG_CHECK = 8252 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_NPC_FLAG_OFF = 8251 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_NPC_FLAG_ON = 8250 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_NPC_PAUSE_IDOL_TALK = 8379 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_NPC_RELOAD = 8366 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_NPC_RESTART_IDOL_TALK = 8380 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_OPEN_ORD_DOOR_FADE = 8291 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_OVERWRITE_CAMERA_PITCH = 8357 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_PC_MODEL_SET_LOCATION = 8339 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_PC_MODEL_SET_POS = 8224 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_PC_MODEL_SET_ROTATOR = 8292 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_RECREATE_MODEL_HEAD_ICON = 8397 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_REQ_ALL_LINK_ANIM_OBJ_END_MOTION = 8396 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_REQ_ALL_LINK_ANIM_OBJ_MOTION_FORCE = 8402 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_REQ_BGM = 8225 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_REQ_TURN_DOWN_VOLUME = 8398 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_RESET_HERO_OPACITY = 8401 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_RESET_TURN_DOWN_VOLUME = 8399 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_RETURN_FIELD = 8209 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SET_DOOR_STATE = 8293 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SET_FIELD_EVENT_NO_WEAPON = 8349 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SET_HERO_NO_FOLLOWER = 8295 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SET_HERO_NO_WEAPON = 8294 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SOUND_AISAC_CTRL_FORCE_LOCK = 8404 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SOUND_AISAC_CTRL_FORCE_UNLOCK = 8405 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SOUND_POST_VOLUME_CLEAR_LOCK = 8392 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SOUND_POST_VOLUME_SET_LOCK = 8391 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SOUND_VOICE_FREE = 8214 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SOUND_VOICE_SETUP = 8212 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SOUND_VOICE_SYNC = 8213 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_START_BOSS = 8298 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_START_FIELD_EVENT = 8223 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_SYNC_TURN_DOWN_VOLUME = 8400 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_TV_MODEL_REQ_ANIME = 8270 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_TV_PROGRAM_CHECK = 8269 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_TV_PROGRAM_OFF = 8268 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FLD_TV_PROGRAM_ON = 8267 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.FRIEND_SKILL_ADD = 20536 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ADC_ITEM_WINDOW = 20553 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ADC_ITEM_WINDOW_SYNC = 20567 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_AND = 35 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_CANCEL_REQUEST_TOTAL = 20547 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_COUNT = 30 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_DAY = 66 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_DAYOFWEEK = 23 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_DAY_TOTAL_DAY = 69 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_DISAPPEAR_AWARD = 20521 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_EQUIP = 79 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_EQUIP_ENABLE_PLAYER = 137 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_EQUIP_PERSONA_PARAM = 115 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_FIELD_PARTS_ID = 8204 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_FIELD_START_ID = 8210 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_HAVE_PERSONA = 20548 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_HAVE_PERSONA_LV = 20549 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_HERO_PARAM_LV = 12297 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_HP = 91 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ITEM_ATTACK = 138 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ITEM_DEFENCE = 141 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ITEM_EVASION = 142 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ITEM_NUM = 20504 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ITEM_TYPE = 136 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_L_SHIFT = 38 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MAX = 49 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MAXHP = 92 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MAXHP_UP = 122 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MAXSP = 95 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MAXSP_UP = 124 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MAXTP = 114 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MIN = 50 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MONEY = 56 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MONTH = 65 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_MONTH_TOTAL_DAY = 68 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_OR = 36 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ORDERED_REQUEST_ID = 20543 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ORDERED_REQUEST_ID_SELECT = 20562 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_ORDERED_REQUEST_TOTAL = 20545 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_PARTY = 62 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_PC_LEVEL = 97 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_PERSONA_REGIST_PERCENT = 20556 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_PERSONA_STOCK_MAX = 144 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_PERSONA_STOCK_NUM = 143 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_PLAYER_LV = 103 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_RECEIVED_MAIL_NUM = 20526 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_REQUEST_STATUS = 20563 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_R_SHIFT = 39 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_SAVED_DISAPPEAR_ID = 20520 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_SKILL_COST = 125 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_SP = 94 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_STOCK_PERSONA_ID = 12302 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_STOCK_PERSONA_MAX_LEVEL = 145 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_THEURGIA_SKILL_ADD_DRAW_LIST = 20560 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_THEURGIA_SKILL_DRAW = 20561 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_TIME = 22 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_TOTAL_DAY = 67 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_TP = 113 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GET_XOR = 37 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.GOTO_TARTARUS = 8208 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.HERO_PARAM_ALL_ADD_EXP = 12305 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.IN_NAMEENTRY = 20568 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.IS_PARTY_EXISTS = 64 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.LIMIT_DISP = 20546 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.LOAD_STAFFROLL = 20565 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MASTERY_THEURGIA_DRAW = 20522 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MDL_ICON = 127 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MDL_ICON_END = 128 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MDL_ICON_EX = 129 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MDL_ICON_SET_SCALE = 130 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MESSAGE_REF = 16 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MONEY_PANEL_COLOR_CHANGE = 20541 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MOVIE_ENABLE_BGM_PAUSE = 152 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MOVIE_ENABLE_PLAY_BATTLEWIPE_SE = 153 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MOVIE_LOAD = 147 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MOVIE_PLAY = 70 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MOVIE_PLAY_WITHOUT_LOAD = 148 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MOVIE_SYNC = 71 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MOVIE_SYNC_AND_FADE_OUT_WITH_COLOR = 149 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MSG = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MSG_SEL = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MSG_WINDOW_LAST = 134 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MSG_WND_CLS = 19 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.MSG_WND_DSP = 18 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.NET_END_ANSWER = 16396 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.NET_START_ANSWER = 16395 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.OPEN_GET_ITEM = 20502 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.OPEN_MAIL_MENU = 20515 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.OPEN_MAIL_MENU_WITH_SET_ID = 20535 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.OPEN_PICTURE = 20531 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.OPEN_SUPPORT_PARTY_PANEL = 20510 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.ORDER_QUEST = 20551 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.OUT_NAMEENTRY = 20569 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.PARTY_IN = 60 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.PARTY_OUT = 61 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.PERSONA_EVOLUTION = 87 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.PUT = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.PUTF = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.PUTS = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.QUEST_LIST_ALL_INFO_DISPLAY = 20552 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RANDOM_BOX_CHECK_DATANUM = 78 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RANDOM_BOX_CLEAR = 75 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RANDOM_BOX_GET_NUM = 77 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RANDOM_BOX_SET_NUM = 76 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RECEIVE_MAIL_CONDITIONAL = 20517 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RECEIVE_MAIL_FORCIBLY = 20518 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RECOVERY_ALL = 74 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RECOVERY_EFFECT_FIELD_PARTY_PANEL = 20570 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.REM = 40 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.REMOVE_PERSONA_SKILL = 86 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.REMOVE_SPECIAL_SKILL = 110 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.REQUEST_DAY_CHANGE_EFFECT = 150 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RESET_FOOT_MINIMAP = 20572 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RESET_GET_ITEM_LIST = 20503 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RESET_MAIL_BOX = 20519 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.RND = 34 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SCHE_CALL_MORNING_EVENT = 72 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SCHE_CALL_TEACHING_EVENT = 73 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SCHE_CHECK_MORNING_EVENT_MSGREF = 8320 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SCHE_CHECK_TEACHING_EVENT_MSGREF = 8321 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SCHE_GET_PICTID_TEACH_ANSWER = 108 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SCHE_GET_PICTID_TEACH_QUESTION = 107 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL = 15 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_DEFKEY = 51 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_DEFKEY_CLEAR = 151 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_GENERIC_CAN_OPEN = 105 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_GENERIC_EX = 55 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_GENERIC_INDEX_MASK = 99 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_GENERIC_ITEM_CAN_OPEN = 106 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_GENERIC_ITEM_EX = 104 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_GENERIC_MASK = 98 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_GENERIC_SHOP = 140 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_INDEX_MASK = 54 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SEL_MASK = 53 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_ACTION_RECORD = 20530 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_ADD_MONEY_PLANS = 20538 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_COUNT = 31 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_EQUIP = 80 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_EQUIP_PERSONA = 84 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_EXIT_VALUE = 11 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_FIELD_PARTS_ID = 8257 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_HIDE_MINIMAP = 20524 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_HP = 93 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_HUMAN_LV = 120 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_ITEM_NUM = 20505 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_ITEM_NUM_EX = 20558 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_MONAD_MINIMAP = 20525 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_MSG_VAR = 29 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_NEXT_DAY = 52 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_PERSONA_LV = 81 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_SP = 96 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_TP = 112 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SET_VELVET_VTAG = 20539 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SIN = 41 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SQRT = 48 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SYNC = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.SYNC_ACTIVITY = 132 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.TAN = 43 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.TROPHY_REQUEST = 20550 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY10 = 20491 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY11 = 20492 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY12 = 20493 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY13 = 20494 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY14 = 20495 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY4 = 20485 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY5 = 20486 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY6 = 20487 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY7 = 20488 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY8 = 20489 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.UI_DUMMY9 = 20490 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.VELVET_WIPE_WITH_FADE_FLAG_TRUE = 20571 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib.WAIT = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FlowLib
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMapProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMapProperty.FMapProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMapProperty.key_prop -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMapProperty.value_prop -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMapProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo.Association -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMaterialParameterAssociation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo.FMaterialParameterInfo() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo.FormatString(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePool* namePool) -> string
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo.Index -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo.Name -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialTextureInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialTextureInfo.FMaterialTextureInfo() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingEntry
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingEntry.Field02 -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingEntry.FMissingEntry() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.AlphaBGNoCampAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.AlphaBGNoCampStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.BGPlateNoCampAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.BGPlateNoCampStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.CursorRedInAllFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.CursorRedInStartFrame -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailChangeCompleteAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailChangeCompleteStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailChangeInfoAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailChangeInfoStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInCompleteAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInCompleteStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInCursorAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInCursorStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInInfoAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInInfoStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInMoreInfoAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInMoreInfoStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInNotSelectAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInNotSelectStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInPlateAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailInPlateStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutCompleteAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutCompleteStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutCursorAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutCursorStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutInfoAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutInfoStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutMoreInfoAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutMoreInfoStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutNotSelectAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutNotSelectStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutPlateAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailOutPlateStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.DetailShowPrevContentFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.FMissingParamTableRow() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.ListChangeAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.ListChangeStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.ListNoCampAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.ListNoCampStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.MissingPlateNoCampAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.MissingPlateNoCampStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateChangeAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateChangeOutAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateChangeOutStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateChangeStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateInY -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateQuestInAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateQuestInStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateWhenMissingX -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateWhenMissingY -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateWhenQuestX -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.PlateWhenQuestY -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.SortListAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.SortListStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.SortNewAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.SortNewStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.SortPrevAllFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.SortPrevStartFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow.TatumiY -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneBinding
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneBinding.BindingName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneBinding.FMovieSceneBinding() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneBinding.ObjectGuid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneBinding.Tracks -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneChannel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneChannel.FMovieSceneChannel() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvaluationTemplate
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvaluationTemplate.FMovieSceneEvaluationTemplate() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvaluationTemplate.SequenceSignature -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSectionData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSectionData.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneChannel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSectionData.FMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSectionData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSectionData.KeyValues -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtCharaAnimationPayload>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSectionData.Times -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtDialogueSectionData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtDialogueSectionData.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneChannel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtDialogueSectionData.FMovieSceneEvtDialogueSectionData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtDialogueSectionData.KeyValues -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtDialoguePayload>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtDialogueSectionData.Times -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSectionData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSectionData.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneChannel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSectionData.FMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSectionData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSectionData.KeyValues -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtFadeScreenPayload>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSectionData.Times -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtScriptSectionData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtScriptSectionData.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneChannel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtScriptSectionData.FMovieSceneEvtScriptSectionData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtScriptSectionData.KeyValues -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEvtScriptPayload>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtScriptSectionData.Times -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneFrameRange
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneFrameRange.FMovieSceneFrameRange() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneMarkedFrame
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneMarkedFrame.bIsDeterminismFence -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneMarkedFrame.FMovieSceneMarkedFrame() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneMarkedFrame.FrameNumber -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneMarkedFrame.Label -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingID
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingID.FMovieSceneObjectBindingID() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingID.Guid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingID.ResolveParentIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingID.SequenceID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingIDs
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingIDs.FMovieSceneObjectBindingIDs() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingIDs.IDs -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingID>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePossessable
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePossessable.FMovieScenePossessable() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePossessable.Guid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePossessable.Name -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePossessable.ParentGuid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePossessable.PossessedObjectClass -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePossessable.Tags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePropertyBinding
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePropertyBinding.bCanUseClassLookup -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePropertyBinding.FMovieScenePropertyBinding() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePropertyBinding.PropertyName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePropertyBinding.PropertyPath -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.bAutoPlay -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.bDisableCameraCuts -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.bDisableLookAtInput -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.bDisableMovementInput -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.bHideHud -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.bHidePlayer -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.bPauseAtEnd -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.bRandomStartTime -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.bRestoreState -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.LoopCount -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.PlayRate -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings.StartTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.bContinuouslyRespawn -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.bEvaluateTracksWhenNotSpawned -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.bNetAddressableName -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.ChildPossessables -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.FMovieSceneSpawnable() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.Guid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.LevelName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.Name -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.ObjectTemplate -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable.Tags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvalOptions
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvalOptions.bCanEvaluateNearestSection -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvalOptions.bEvalNearestSection -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvalOptions.bEvaluateInPostroll -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvalOptions.bEvaluateInPreroll -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvalOptions.bEvaluateNearestSection -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvalOptions.FMovieSceneTrackEvalOptions() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvaluationFieldEntry
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvaluationFieldEntry.flags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ESectionEvaluationFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvaluationFieldEntry.FMovieSceneTrackEvaluationFieldEntry() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvaluationFieldEntry.ForcedTime -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvaluationFieldEntry.LegacySortOrder -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvaluationFieldEntry.Range -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumberRange
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvaluationFieldEntry.Section -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMsgItemInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMsgItemInfo.FMsgItemInfo() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName.Equals(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName other) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName.field04 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName.FName() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName.GetTypeHash() -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName.pool_location -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePool.FNamePool() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePool.GetPool(uint pool_idx) -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePool.GetString(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName name) -> string
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePool.GetString(uint pool_loc) -> string
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePool.name_count -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePool.pool_count -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePoolString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePoolString.flags -> short
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePoolString.FNamePoolString() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNamePoolString.GetString() -> string
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNativeFuncPtr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNativeFunctionLookup
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNativeFunctionLookup.FNativeFunctionLookup() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FObjectProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FObjectProperty.FObjectProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FObjectProperty.prop_class -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FObjectProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusDraw.FPersonaStatusDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusDraw.GetEquipBonusStat(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusDraw.GetNextLevelStat(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusDraw.SetEquipBonusStat(int i, byte v) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusDraw.SetNextLevelStat(int i, byte v) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusListItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPersonaStatusListItem.FPersonaStatusListItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPlgData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPlgData.FPlgData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPlgPrimitiveData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FPlgPrimitiveData.FPlgPrimitiveData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.array_dim -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.blueprint_rep_cond -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.dtor_link_next -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.element_size -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.Field4B -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.FProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.next_ref -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.offset_internal -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.post_ct_link_next -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.property_flags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPropertyFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.prop_link_next -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.rep_index -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty.rep_notify_func -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRealCurve
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRealCurve.DefaultValue -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRealCurve.FRealCurve() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRealCurve.PostInfinityExtrap -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRealCurve.PreInfinityExtrap -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERichCurveExtrapolation
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepAttachment
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepAttachment.AttachComponent -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepAttachment.AttachParent -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepAttachment.AttachSocket -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepAttachment.FRepAttachment() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepAttachment.LocationOffset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepAttachment.RelativeScale3D -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepAttachment.RotationOffset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRotator
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.AngularVelocity -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.bRepPhysics -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.bSimulatedPhysicSleep -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.FRepMovement() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.LinearVelocity -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.Location -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.LocationQuantizationLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.Rotation -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRotator
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.RotationQuantizationLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ERotatorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRepMovement.VelocityQuantizationLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EVectorQuantization
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRichCurve
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRichCurve.FRichCurve() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRichCurveKey
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRichCurveKey.FRichCurveKey() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRotator
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRotator.FRotator() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleData.Broken -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleData.Encount -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleData.FRumbleData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleData.PinchEncount -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam.Frame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam.FRumbleParam() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam.Num -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam.power -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam.TotalFram -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRumbleParam.WaitFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeFloatCurve
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeFloatCurve.EditorCurveData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRichCurve
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeFloatCurve.ExternalCurve -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveFloat*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeFloatCurve.FRuntimeFloatCurve() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeVirtualTextureParameterValue
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeVirtualTextureParameterValue.ExpressionGUID -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeVirtualTextureParameterValue.FRuntimeVirtualTextureParameterValue() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeVirtualTextureParameterValue.ParameterInfo -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.Age -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldMoonAge
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.ClearStatus -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.Day -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.Difficulty -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.FirstName -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.FldMajorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.FldMinorID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.FldPartsID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.FSaveGameHeadder() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.GameName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.LastName -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.Month -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.PlayerLevel -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.PlayTime -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.SaveSlotName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.TimeZone -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.UserIndex -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder.Week -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldWeek
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveSlotItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveSlotItem.FSaveSlotItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FScalarParameterValue
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FScalarParameterValue.ExpressionGUID -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FScalarParameterValue.FScalarParameterValue() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FScalarParameterValue.ParameterInfo -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FScalarParameterValue.ParameterValue -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSetProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSetProperty.elem_prop -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSetProperty.FSetProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSetProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FShortcutItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FShortcutItem.FShortcutItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSoftObjectPath
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSoftObjectPath.AssetPathName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSoftObjectPath.FSoftObjectPath() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSoftObjectPath.SubPathString -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSoftObjectPtr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSoftObjectPtr.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TPersistentObjectPtr<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSoftObjectPath>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSoftObjectPtr.FSoftObjectPtr() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor.A -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor.B -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor.FSprColor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor.FSprColor(byte r, byte g, byte b, byte a) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor.FSprColor(uint color) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor.G -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor.R -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor.SetColor(uint color) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprData.FSprData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprData.FSprData(float width, float height, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D topLeft, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D bottomRight, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D* texture, uint color, short stretch, uint scale) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprData.SetColor(int index, uint color) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprData.SetScalingSize(int index, uint color) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprData.SetStretchLength(int index, short stretchLen) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprDataArray
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprDataArray.FSprDataArray() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprDataArray.SprDatas -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprData>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.bAssumeTemplateIsArchetype -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.bCopyTransientsFromClassDefaults -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.Class -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.ExternalPackage -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.FStaticConstructObjectParameters() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.InstanceGraph -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.InternalSetFlags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.Name -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.Outer -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.SetFlags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStaticConstructObjectParameters.Template -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString.Equals(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString other) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString.FString() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString.text -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStructProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStructProperty.FStructProperty() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStructProperty.struct_data -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UScriptStruct*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FStructProperty._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.bEnableBurley -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.BoundaryColorBleed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.ExtinctionScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.FalloffColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.IOR -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.LobeMix -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.MeanFreePathColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.MeanFreePathDistance -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.NormalScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.Roughness0 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.Roughness1 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.ScatteringDistribution -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.ScatterRadius -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.SubsurfaceColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.SurfaceAlbedo -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.TransmissionTintColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsurfaceProfileStruct.WorldUnitScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsystemCollectionBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsystemCollectionBase.FSubsystemCollectionBase() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsystemCollectionBase.SubsystemArrayMap -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<nint, nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsystemCollectionBase.SubsystemMap -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<nint, nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSupportBustupParam
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSupportBustupParam.FSupportBustupParam() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTextureParameterValue
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTextureParameterValue.ExpressionGUID -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTextureParameterValue.FTextureParameterValue() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTextureParameterValue.ParameterInfo -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTextureParameterValue.ParameterValue -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTownMapMarker2
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTownMapMarker2.FTownMapMarker2() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTownMapMarker2.IconColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTownMapMarker2.InsideIconMask -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTownMapMarker2.MarkerOutline -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTownMapMarker2.MarkerShapeMask -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTownMapMarker2.PlaceImageMask -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTownMapMarker2.PlaceTextMask -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTownMapMarker2.SocialLinkCircle -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTransform
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTransform.FTransform() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTransform.FTransform(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4 rotation, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector translation, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector scale) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTransform.Rotation -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTransform.Scale3D -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTransform.Translation -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUniqueObjectGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUniqueObjectGuid.FUniqueObjectGuid() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUniqueObjectGuid.Guid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectArray
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectArray.FUObjectArray() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectArray.NumChunks -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectArray.NumElements -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectArray.Objects -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectItem**
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectArray.ObjFirstGCIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectArray.ObjLastNonGCIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectHashTables
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectHashTables.FUObjectHashTables() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectHashTables.Hashes -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<int, nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectHashTables.HashesOuter -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<int, nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectItem.Flags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EInternalObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectItem.FUObjectItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FUObjectItem.Object -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector.FVector() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector.FVector(float x, float y, float z) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector.X -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector.Y -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector.Z -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D.FVector2D() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D.FVector2D(float x, float y) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D.X -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D.Y -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4.FVector4() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4.FVector4(float x, float y, float z, float w) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4.W -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4.X -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4.Y -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4.Z -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVectorParameterValue
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVectorParameterValue.ExpressionGUID -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVectorParameterValue.FVectorParameterValue() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVectorParameterValue.ParameterInfo -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialParameterInfo
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVectorParameterValue.ParameterValue -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FWeakObjectPtr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FWeakObjectPtr.FWeakObjectPtr() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FWeakObjectPtr.ObjectIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FWeakObjectPtr.ObjectSerialNumber -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashableInt
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashableInt.Equals(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashableInt other) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashableInt.GetTypeHash() -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashableInt.HashableInt() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashableInt.HashableInt(int value) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashableInt.Value -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashablePointer
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashablePointer.Equals(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashablePointer other) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashablePointer.GetTypeHash() -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashablePointer.HashablePointer() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashablePointer.HashablePointer(nint ptr) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashablePointer.Ptr -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ICommonMethods
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ICommonMethods.FAppCalculationItem_Lerp
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ICommonMethods.FMemory_Free
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ICommonMethods.GetPrivateStaticClassBody
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ICommonMethods.GetUGlobalWork
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ICommonMethods.StaticConstructObject_Internal
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ICommonMethods.UGlobalWork_GetUUIResources
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMapHashable
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMapHashable.GetTypeHash() -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_Free(nint ptr) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_Free<TType>(TType* ptr) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_GetAllocSize(nint ptr) -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_Malloc(nint size, uint alignment) -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_Malloc<TType>() -> TType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_Malloc<TType>(uint alignment) -> TType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_MallocMultiple<TType>(uint count) -> TType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_MallocMultiple<TType>(uint count, uint alignment) -> TType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_MallocMultipleZeroed<TType>(uint count) -> TType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_MallocZeroed<TType>() -> TType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.FMemory_Realloc(nint ptr, nint size, uint alignment) -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.TArray_Delete<TArrayType>(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<TArrayType>* arr, int index) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.TArray_Insert<TArrayType>(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<TArrayType>* arr, TArrayType entry) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.TArray_Insert<TArrayType>(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<TArrayType>* arr, TArrayType entry, int index) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.TMap_Insert<KeyType, ValueType>(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<KeyType, ValueType>* map, KeyType key, ValueType val) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IMemoryMethods.TMap_InsertNoInit<KeyType, ValueType>(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<KeyType, ValueType>* map, KeyType key, ValueType val) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetAccessoryCount(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetArmorCount(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetArmorFootwearCount(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetConsumableCount(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetItemFlag(int i) -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetMaterialCount(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetMiscItemCount(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetOutfitCount(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetSkillCardCount(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.GetWeaponCount(int i) -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag.ItemBag() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.AUIDrawBaseActor_DrawPlg
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.AUIDrawBaseActor_DrawRect
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.AUIDrawBaseActor_DrawRectV4
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.AUIDrawBaseActor_DrawSpr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.AUIDrawBaseActor_SetRenderTarget
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.BPDrawSpr_RotateMatrixDel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.BPDrawSpr_TransformMatrixDel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.DrawComponentMask_FUN_140cb27f0
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.DrawComponentMask_FUN_140cc8760
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.DrawComponentMask_FUN_14bffbdd0
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.DrawSingleLineText
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.GetSpriteItemMaskInstance
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.UIDraw_SetBlendState
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.UIDraw_SetPresetBlendState
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.UMsgProcWindow_Simple_DrawMessageText
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.UPlgAsset_FUN_14131f0d0
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.IUIMethods.USprAsset_FUN_141323540
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Color -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.ColorCornerBottomLeft -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.ColorCornerBottomRight -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.ColorCornerTopLeft -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.ColorCornerTopRight -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field00 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field04 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field08 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field0C -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field10 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field14 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field18 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field1C -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field20 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field24 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field28 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field2C -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field30 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field34 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field38 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field40 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field44 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field48 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field4C -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field50 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field54 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field58 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field5C -> ulong
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field64 -> ulong
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field6C -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.Field70 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.LocationSelectParams1.LocationSelectParams1() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Mail
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Mail.GetMailEntry(uint i) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.MailInner*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Mail.Mail() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Mail.MailCount -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.MailInner
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.MailInner.MailIncomingKey -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.MailInner.MailInner() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.MailInner.Read -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.Color -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.Field3C -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.PlgDefStruct1() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.PlgDefStruct1(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector position, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector stretch, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector rotation, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor color, int vertexIndex) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.Position -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.Rotation -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.SetColor(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor color) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.Size -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.Stretch -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.PlgDefStruct1.VertexIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SelBoxStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SelBoxStruct1.field04 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SelBoxStruct1.SelBoxStruct1() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SelBoxStruct1.selCount -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SelBoxStruct1.selEntries -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SelBoxStruct1.selIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SelBoxStruct1.selType -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SelBoxStruct2
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SelBoxStruct2.SelBoxStruct2() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.color -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field08 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field0C -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field10 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field14 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field1C -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field30 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field34 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field38 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field3C -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field40 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field44 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Field48 -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Position -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.PositionEx -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Size -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.SprDefStruct1() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.SprDefStruct1(int spriteIndex, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector position, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector stretch, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor color, float Field1C, float Field30, float Field34, float Field38, float Field3C, float Field40, float Field44) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.SprDefStruct1(int spriteIndex, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D Position, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor color, float Field0C, float Field08, float Field14) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.SprDefStruct1(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D Position, float Field08, float Field0C, float Field10, float Field14, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor color, float Field1C, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector4 Size, float Field30, float Field34, float Field38, float Field3C, float Field40, float Field44, int spriteIndex) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.SpriteIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.SpriteIndex2 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1.Stretch -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<T>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<T>.allocator_instance -> T*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<T>.arr_max -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<T>.arr_num -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<T>.Get<V>(int index) -> V*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<T>.GetRef(int index) -> T*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<T>.TArray() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TLazyObjectPtr<T>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TLazyObjectPtr<T>.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLazyObjectPtr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TLazyObjectPtr<T>.TLazyObjectPtr() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<KeyType, ValueType>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<KeyType, ValueType>.elements -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElement<KeyType, ValueType>*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<KeyType, ValueType>.GetByIndex(int idx) -> ValueType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<KeyType, ValueType>.mapMax -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<KeyType, ValueType>.mapNum -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<KeyType, ValueType>.TMap() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<KeyType, ValueType>.TryGet(KeyType key) -> ValueType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElement<KeyType, ValueType>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElement<KeyType, ValueType>.HashIndex -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElement<KeyType, ValueType>.HashNextId -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElement<KeyType, ValueType>.Key -> KeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElement<KeyType, ValueType>.TMapElement() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElement<KeyType, ValueType>.Value -> ValueType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElementHashable<KeyType, ValueType>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElementHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.HashIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElementHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.HashNextId -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElementHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.Key -> KeyType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElementHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.TMapElementHashable() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElementHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.Value -> ValueType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapHashable<KeyType, ValueType>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.Elements -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapElementHashable<KeyType, ValueType>>*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.GetByIndex(int idx) -> ValueType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.Hashes -> int**
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.HashSize -> uint*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.TMapHashable(nint ptr, nint hashArrOffset, nint hashSizeOffset) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.TryGetByHash(KeyType key) -> ValueType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMapHashable<KeyType, ValueType>.TryGetLinear(KeyType key) -> ValueType*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TPersistentObjectPtr<T>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TPersistentObjectPtr<T>.ObjectId -> T
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TPersistentObjectPtr<T>.TagAtLastTest -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TPersistentObjectPtr<T>.TPersistentObjectPtr() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TPersistentObjectPtr<T>.WeakPtr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FWeakObjectPtr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TypeExtensions
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.AssetUserData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.bAutoActivate -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.bCanEverAffectNavigation -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.bEditableWhenInherited -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.bIsActive -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.bIsEditorOnly -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.bNetAddressable -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.bReplicates -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.ComponentTags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.CreationMethod -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EComponentCreationMethod
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.UActorComponent() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent.UCSSerializationIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.ActiveDrawTypeId -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.bIsDarkHour -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.BottomColorDarkHour -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.BottomColorNormal -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.BottomMaterial -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.Loader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.TopColorDarkHour -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.TopColorNormal -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.TopMaterial -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.UAgePanel() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.WaterColorDarkHour -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel.WaterColorNormal -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel._readMat -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterial*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel._readMatInst -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel._readMatInstDyn -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanel._readSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection.Field28 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection.MaterialInstance -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection.UAgePanelSection() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection.X1 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection.X2 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection.Y1 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAgePanelSection.Y2 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAnimSequenceBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAnimSequenceBase.UAnimSequenceBase() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.bIsBagInvalidIK_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.bIsBagRun_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.bIsBagSetting_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.bNeedInitialize -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.EffectWeapons -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.HideMaterialIDs -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.mBagKeyID_ -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.mBagMotionBlendTime_RunToStand_ -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.mBagMotionBlendTime_StandToRun_ -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.mOverwirteBagKeyID_ -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.mSetCostumeID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.mSetWeaponModelID -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.mSetWeaponType -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp.UAppCharacterComp() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UActorComponent
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.bMotionDetachPreparedRelativeTrans_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.bMotionDetachPreparedTransKeep_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mDelayPauseAnimFlag_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mDelayPauseAnimReq_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mDelayPauseAnimSpeedRate_ -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mFadeFrame_ -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mFadePattern_ -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mFadeType_ -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mMotionAttachedSocketName_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mMotionAttachedTransform -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTransform
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mMotionAttached_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mMotionDetachPreparedRelativeLocation_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mMotionDetachPreparedRelativeRotator_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRotator
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.mMotionDetachPrepared_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharBaseComp.UAppCharBaseComp() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppMultiDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppMultiDataAsset.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppMultiDataAsset.UAppMultiDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UArcAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UArcAsset.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UArcAsset.GetFile(string! name, out int size) -> byte*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UArcAsset.mBuffer_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<byte>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UArcAsset.UArcAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader.ObjectReferences -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader.ObjectWeakReferences -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader.StreamHandle -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader.UAssetLoader() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtPreDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtPreDataAsset.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtPreDataAsset.Data -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtPreDataAsset.UAtlEvtPreDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtSubsystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtSubsystem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstanceSubsystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtSubsystem.EvtPreDataAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtPreDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtSubsystem.EvtPreDataMap -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<uint, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FAtlEvtPreData>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtSubsystem.UAtlEvtSubsystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBfAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBfAsset.UBfAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBmdAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBmdAsset.mBuf -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<byte>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBmdAsset.UBmdAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupAnimDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupAnimDataAsset.EyeAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBustupAnim>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupAnimDataAsset.MouthAnim -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBustupMouthAnim>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupAnimDataAsset.UBustupAnimDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupController
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupController.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupController.pModel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupModel*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupController.UBustupController() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupDraw.BustupObject_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupDraw.ObjectBuffer_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBustupObjectBuffer>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupDraw.PrevBustupObject_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupDraw.UBustupDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupModel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupModel.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupModel.pBustupDraw -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupModel.UBustupModel() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.BaseMask_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.BaseMaterial_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.BaseTex_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.BlushTex_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.BustupAnim_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupAnimDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.DrawableMaterial_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.DropMask_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.EyeTex_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.FieldB0 -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.Loader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.MouthTex_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.RimLightMask_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.ShadowMask_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.ShadowMaterial -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.SupportBustupOffset_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USupportBustupDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.SweatTex_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject.UBustupObject() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.cursorDay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.mChangeFlag_ -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.mChangeNextDay_ -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.mChangeNextTimeZone_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.mChangePrevDay_ -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.mChangePrevTimeZone_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldTimeZone
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.mChangeSetted_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldSceneChangeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.mChangeType_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ECldSceneChangeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar.UCalendar() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_add_ref_objects -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_cast_flags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassCastFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_conf_name -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_ctor -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_default_obj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_flags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EClassFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_gen_by -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_status -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_vtable_helper_ctor_caller -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.class_within -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.func_map -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName, nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.interfaces -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.native_func_lookup -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FNativeFunctionLookup>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.net_fields -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UField>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.super_func_map -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName, nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass.UClass() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldCommonData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldCommonData.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldCommonData.mActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACldCmnDataActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldCommonData.mBpClass_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldCommonData.mDatesData_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldDateDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldCommonData.UCldCommonData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldDateDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldDateDataAsset.Data -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateTableItem>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldDateDataAsset.UCldDateDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldDateMessageDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldDateMessageDataAsset.Data -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCldDateMessageMonth>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldDateMessageDataAsset.UCldDateMessageDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquip
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquip.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquip.pDraw -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquip.PSystem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipSystem*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquip.UCmpEquip() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipDraw.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipDraw.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipDraw.pParent -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquip*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipDraw.UCmpEquipDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipSystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipSystem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipSystem.EquipList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEquipListItem>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipSystem.LastEquipList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FEquipListItem>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipSystem.PartyMemberList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<short>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipSystem.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipSystem.pParent -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquip*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpEquipSystem.UCmpEquipSystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpHeroHumanStatusDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpHeroHumanStatusDraw.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpHeroHumanStatusDraw.MenuState -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpHeroHumanStatusDraw.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpHeroHumanStatusDraw.pParent -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpHeroHumanStatusDraw.statUpPulseFadeColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpHeroHumanStatusDraw.statUpPulseMainColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpHeroHumanStatusDraw.UCmpHeroHumanStatusDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItem.pDraw -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItem.pPersonaStatus -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatus*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItem.PSystem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemSystem*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItem.UCmpItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemDraw.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemDraw.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemDraw.UCmpItemDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemSystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemSystem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemSystem.ItemList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FItemListItem>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemSystem.PartyMemberList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<short>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemSystem.PersonaStockIDList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpItemSystem.UCmpItemSystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase.UCmpMenuBase() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkill
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkill.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkill.pSkillDraw -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkillDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkill.pSkillSystem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkillSystem*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkill.UCmpSkill() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkillDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkillDraw.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkillDraw.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkillDraw.UCmpSkillDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkillSystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkillSystem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSkillSystem.UCmpSkillSystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatus.Actor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatus.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatus.UCmpStatus() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatusCharacterList
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatusCharacterList.Owner_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatusCharacterList.UCmpStatusCharacterList() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatusCharacterListDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatusCharacterListDraw.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatusCharacterListDraw.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatusCharacterListDraw.pParent -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatusCharacterListDraw.UCmpStatusCharacterListDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpMenuBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystem.pSystemDraw -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystem.pSystemSystem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemSystem*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystem.UCmpSystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemDraw.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemDraw.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemDraw.pParent -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystem*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemDraw.SubMenuMateDynamicAry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemDraw.UCmpSystemDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemSystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemSystem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemSystem.pCmpMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpSystemSystem.UCmpSystemSystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityEventDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityEventDataAsset.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppMultiDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityEventDataAsset.Tables -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCommunityEventTable>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityEventDataAsset.UCommunityEventDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityHandler
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityHandler.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityHandler.GetCmmEntry(int id) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CmmPtr*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityHandler.pEventDataAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityEventDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityHandler.pMemberFormatTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityHandler.pNameFormatTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityHandler.UCommunityHandler() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityWork
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityWork.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityWork.pAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityWork.pCommunityHandle -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityHandler*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityWork.pHeroParameterHandle -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterHandle*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityWork.UCommunityWork() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveBase.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveBase.UCurveBase() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveFloat
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveFloat.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveFloat.bIsEventCurve -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveFloat.FloatCurve -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRichCurve
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveFloat.UCurveFloat() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor.AdjustBrightness -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor.AdjustBrightnessCurve -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor.AdjustHue -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor.AdjustMaxAlpha -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor.AdjustMinAlpha -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor.AdjustSaturation -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor.AdjustVibrance -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor.FloatCurves -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRichCurve
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveLinearColor.UCurveLinearColor() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveVector
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveVector.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveVector.FloatCurves -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRichCurve
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCurveVector.UCurveVector() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset.nativeClass -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset.UDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable.bIgnoreExtraFields -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable.bIgnoreMissingFields -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable.bStripFromClientBuilds -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable.ImportKeyField -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable.RowMap -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName, nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable.RowStruct -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UScriptStruct*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable.UDataTable() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.Loader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.mActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ADatItemActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableAccs -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableAccsName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableArmor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableArmorName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableCommon -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableCommonName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableCostume -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableCostumeName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableEvitem -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableEvitemName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableMaterial -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableMaterialName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableShoes -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableShoesName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableSkillcard -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableSkillcardName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableWeapon -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.TableWeaponName -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem.UDatItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnum
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnum.cpp_type -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnum.entries -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnumEntry>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnum.enum_disp_name_fn -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnum.UEnum() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnum._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UField
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnumEntry
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnumEntry.name -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnumEntry.UEnumEntry() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEnumEntry.value -> long
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UErrorDialog
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UErrorDialog.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UErrorDialog.UErrorDialog() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEvtDataLoad
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEvtDataLoad.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEvtDataLoad.pAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEvtDataLoad.UEvtDataLoad() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UField
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UField.next -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UField*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UField.UField() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UField._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFileNameManager
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFileNameManager.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFileNameManager.Loader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFileNameManager.mActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AUFileNameManagerrActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFileNameManager.UFileNameManager() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharDataAsset.DailySpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharSpeed
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharDataAsset.DungeonSpeed -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharSpeed
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharDataAsset.Key -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldCharKeyParam
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharDataAsset.Partner -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPartnerData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharDataAsset.Player -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFldPlayerData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharDataAsset.UFldCharDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharParamTable
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharParamTable.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharParamTable.bLoaded -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharParamTable.Data -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharParamTable.UFldCharParamTable() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.CmmExistEntry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FBD_CmmExistEntry>**
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.GetDataTable(int id) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.mActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldCmnDataActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.mBossBattleActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldBossBattleScript*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.mBpClass_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.mMailOrderActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldMailOrderScript*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.mTableDat_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.mTvProgramActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldTvProgramScript*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData.UFldCommonData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstanceSubsystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mCameraLock_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mDebugMenu_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mHiddenActorArray_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mInitScrManager_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldInitScriptManager*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mKeyHelpDelayTimer_ -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mLargeMapActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mLevelManager_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldLevelManager*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mMoveFloorTimer_ -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mOparetator_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AFldOperator*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mOverlapedHitArray_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mPlayerComp_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAppCharacterComp*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mPlayerTransform -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTransform
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mVoiceActionDisp_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.mWorldContextObject_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldManagerSubsystem.UFldManagerSubsystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UForceFeedbackEffect
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UForceFeedbackEffect.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UForceFeedbackEffect.ChannelDetails -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FForceFeedbackChannelDetails>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UForceFeedbackEffect.Duration -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UForceFeedbackEffect.UForceFeedbackEffect() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction.event_graph_func -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction.exec_func_ptr -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction.first_prop_to_init -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction.func_flags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFunctionFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction.num_params -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction.params_size -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction.UFunction() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFunction._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstance
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstance.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstance.LocalPlayers -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstance.OnlineSession -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UOnlineSession*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstance.ReferencedObjects -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstance.Subsystems -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSubsystemCollectionBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstance.UGameInstance() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstanceSubsystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstanceSubsystem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USubsystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstanceSubsystem.UGameInstanceSubsystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGenericSelectCharacterDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGenericSelectCharacterDataAsset.UGenericSelectCharacterDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGenericSelectSystemBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGenericSelectSystemBase.UGenericSelectSystemBase() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mComItems_ALWAYS_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<ushort>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mComItems_ANY_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<ushort>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mCounters_ALWAYS_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mCounters_ANY_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mDlcItems_ALWAYS_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<ushort>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mEvtItems_ALWAYS_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<ushort>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mEvtItems_ANY_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<ushort>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mFlags_ALWAYS_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mFlags_ANY_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.mNotInheritanceItems_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<ushort>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData.UGlobalGameData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.bTempSaveHeaderUsed_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.Calendar -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Calendar
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.GetActiveCharacters() -> System.Collections.Generic.List<short>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.GetBitflag(uint id) -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.GetCounter(uint i) -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.GetPersona(uint i) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitPersonaEntry*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.GetUnit(int i) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FDatUnitWork*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.Items -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ItemBag
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.Mail -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.Mail
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mCalendarInstance_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCalendar*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mCldCommonData_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCldCommonData*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mCmpMainActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mErrorDialog_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UErrorDialog*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mFileNameData_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFileNameManager*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mFldCharParamTable_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCharParamTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mFldCommonData_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UFldCommonData*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mGameDataProc_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalGameData*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mItemData_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDatItem*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mLeaderBoard_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULeaderBoardManager*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mMessageDialog_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMessageDialog*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.Money -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mPoolSetting_ -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mSaveManager_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXrd777SaveManager*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mSequenceInstance_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USequence*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mSignedInDialog_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USignedInDialog*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mSystemMonitor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AAppActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mTempSaveHeader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.mTrophy_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTrophyManager*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.Name -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CharacterName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.pBustupController -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupController*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.pCommunityWork -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCommunityWork*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.pEvtDataLoad -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UEvtDataLoad*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.pMsgWork -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgWork*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.pPadRumble -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPadRumble*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.Super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGameInstance
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UGlobalWork.UGlobalWork() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterDataAsset.Tables -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FHeroParameterTable>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterDataAsset.UHeroParameterDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterHandle
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterHandle.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterHandle.pDataAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterDataAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterHandle.pParameterNameTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UHeroParameterHandle.UHeroParameterHandle() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.Add = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.Add2 = 7 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.Add3 = 12 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.Divide = 4 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.Multiply = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.Multiply2 = 11 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.None = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.None4 = 10 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.NoneAddAlpha = 6 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.NoneAddAlpha2 = 8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.Subtract = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.Type5 = 5 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType.Type9 = 9 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIComponentBlendType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType.Item = 2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType.List = 0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType.Nothing = 3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType.Select = 1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UIGenericSelectDrawTitleType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULeaderBoardManager
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULeaderBoardManager.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULeaderBoardManager.ULeaderBoardManager() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.AssetUserData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.bIsLightingScenario -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.bIsVisible -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.bStaticComponentsRegisteredInStreamingManager -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.bTextureStreamingRotationChanged -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.LevelBuildDataId -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.LightmapTotalSize -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.ModelComponents -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.NavDataChunks -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.NumTextureStreamingDirtyResources -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.NumTextureStreamingUnbuiltComponents -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.OwningWorld -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UWorld*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.ShadowmapTotalSize -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.StaticNavigableGeometry -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.StreamingTextureGuids -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel.ULevel() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequence
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequence.AssetUserData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequence.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequence.DirectorClass -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequence.MovieScene -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequence.PossessedObjects -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLevelSequenceObject>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequence.ULevelSequence() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequencePlayer
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequencePlayer.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequencePlayer.GetLevelSequence() -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequence*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevelSequencePlayer.ULevelSequencePlayer() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterial
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterial.UMaterial() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance.FontParameterValues -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFontParameterValue>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance.Parent -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance.PhysicalMaterialMap -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance.PhysMaterial -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance.RuntimeVirtualTextureParameterValues -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FRuntimeVirtualTextureParameterValue>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance.ScalarParameterValues -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FScalarParameterValue>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance.TextureParameterValues -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FTextureParameterValue>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance.UMaterialInstance() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance.VectorParameterValues -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVectorParameterValue>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic.SetVectorParamteterValue(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName name, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor* vector) -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic.UMaterialInstanceDynamic() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface.AssetUserData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface.LightmassSettings -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLightmassMaterialInterfaceSettings
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface.SubsurfaceProfile -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USubsurfaceProfile*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface.TextureStreamingData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMaterialTextureInfo>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface.UMaterialInterface() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMessageDialog
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMessageDialog.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMessageDialog.UMessageDialog() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSignedObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.BindingGroups -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneObjectBindingIDs>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.CameraCutTrack -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.ClockSource -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EUpdateClockSource
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.DisplayRate -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameRate
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.EvaluationType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneEvaluationType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.MarkedFrames -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneMarkedFrame>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.MasterTracks -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.ObjectBindings -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneBinding>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.PlaybackRange -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneFrameRange
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.Possessables -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePossessable>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.SelectionRange -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneFrameRange
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.Spawnables -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSpawnable>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.TickResolution -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameRate
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScene.UMovieScene() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneCompiledData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneCompiledData.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneCompiledData.CompiledSignature -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneCompiledData.CompilerVersion -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneCompiledData.DeterminismFences -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameTime>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneCompiledData.EvaluationTemplate -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvaluationTemplate
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneCompiledData.UMovieSceneCompiledData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSection.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSection.EventData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSectionData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSection.UMovieSceneEvtCharaAnimationSection() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtDialogueSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtDialogueSection.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtDialogueSection.EventData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtDialogueSectionData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtDialogueSection.UMovieSceneEvtDialogueSection() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSection.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSection.EventData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSectionData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSection.UMovieSceneEvtFadeScreenSection() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtScriptSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtScriptSection.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtScriptSection.EventData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneEvtScriptSectionData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneEvtScriptSection.UMovieSceneEvtScriptSection() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneFloatTrack
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneFloatTrack.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScenePropertyTrack
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneFloatTrack.UMovieSceneFloatTrack() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneNameableTrack
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneNameableTrack.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneNameableTrack.UMovieSceneNameableTrack() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScenePropertyTrack
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScenePropertyTrack.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneNameableTrack
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScenePropertyTrack.PropertyBinding -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieScenePropertyBinding
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScenePropertyTrack.Sections -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScenePropertyTrack.SectionToKey -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieScenePropertyTrack.UMovieScenePropertyTrack() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSignedObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.bIsActive -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.bIsInfinite -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.bIsLocked -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.bSupportsInfiniteRange -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.EndTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.OverlapPriority -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.PostRollFrames -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.PostrollTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.PreRollFrames -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.PrerollTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.RowIndex -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.SectionRange -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneFrameRange
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.StartTime -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSection.UMovieSceneSection() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSignedObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence.bParentContextsAreSignificant -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence.bPlayableDirectly -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence.CompiledData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneCompiledData*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence.DefaultCompletionMode -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneCompletionMode
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence.SequenceFlags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieSceneSequenceFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence.UMovieSceneSequence() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.bReversePlayback -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.CurrentNumLoops -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.DurationFrames -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.DurationSubFrames -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.FrameRate -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameRate
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.FrameTime -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameTime
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.PlaybackSettings -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneSequencePlaybackSettings
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.Sequence -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequence*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.StartTime -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FFrameNumber
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.Status -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EMovieScenePlayerStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer.UMovieSceneSequencePlayer() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSignedObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSignedObject.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSignedObject.Signature -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSignedObject.UMovieSceneSignedObject() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneSignedObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack.bIsEvalDisabled -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack.EvalOptions -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvalOptions
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack.EvaluationFieldGuid -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGuid
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack.EvaluationFields -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMovieSceneTrackEvaluationFieldEntry>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack.RowsDisabled -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<int>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMovieSceneTrack.UMovieSceneTrack() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgAssist
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgAssist.UMsgAssist() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgDictionary
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgDictionary.UMsgDictionary() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgDLC
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgDLC.UMsgDLC() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgItem.CurrentPage -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgItem.CurrentSpeaker -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FCurrentBmdPage*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgItem.mpMsgProcWindow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindowBase*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgItem.MssageList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMsgItemInfo>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgItem.SpeakerList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMsgItemInfo>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgItem.UMsgItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.AssistLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.AssistLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.AssistLayoutDataTextCol -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.AssistTextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.BacklogLayoutDataTextCol -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.BacklogTextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.CS_A_LayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.CS_A_LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.Mind_LayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.MsgReleaseList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.pAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.pCSAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.ProcList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.SelectSimple_LayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.Simple_LayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager.UMsgManager() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgMessage
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgMessage.UMsgMessage() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgMind
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgMind.UMsgMind() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgMindSubtitles
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgMindSubtitles.pAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgMindSubtitles.pTexture -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgMindSubtitles.UMsgMindSubtitles() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgPerformance
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgPerformance.UMsgPerformance() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindowBase
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindowBase.MessageBoxStatus -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindowBase.pMsgWork -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgItem*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindowBase.pTutorialManager -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTutorialManager*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindowBase.UMsgProcWindowBase() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Assist
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Assist.Loader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Assist.MsgSpr_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Assist.Opacity -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Assist.SupportPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Assist.UMsgProcWindow_Assist() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.InnerContentsColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.leftSpotBgOpacity1 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.leftSpotBgOpacity2 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.Loader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.MsgPlg_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.NextPage -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple_NextPageParams
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.OuterBorderColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.OutsideMistColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FLinearColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.ReadaddMatInst_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.ReadaddMat_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterial*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.ReadblurMatInst_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.ReadblurMat_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterial*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.ReadMatInst_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.ReadMat_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterial*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind.UMsgProcWindow_Mind() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Mind._readSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.m_pPerformanceLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.OkNextLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.OkNextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.OkNextMaskLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.OkNextMaskLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.PerformanceDrawClass -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.pPerformanceDraw -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.TextColDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.TextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Performance.UMsgProcWindow_Performance() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select.pSelWork -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USelItem*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select.UMsgProcWindow_Select() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Mind
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Mind.BustupObject_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Mind.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Mind.Loader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Mind.MsgPlg_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Mind.MsgSpr_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Mind.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Mind() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.BRIndex1 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.BRIndex2 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.bustupMainX -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.BustupObject_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBustupObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.bustupShadowX -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.MsgPlg_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.MsgSpr_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.scrollbarOffset1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.scrollbarOffset2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.selBoxFill -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.selBoxShadow -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.speechShadowMod -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.speechShadowOffsetX -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.speechShadowOpacity -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.speechShadowRotation -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple.UMsgProcWindow_Select_Simple() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.BgPieceRotation -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.BgPieceTransparency -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.Field144 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.Field164 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.HasSpeakerName() -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.IsMsgBoxSpeakerStatusValid() -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.LayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.Loader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.MessageBoxHeight -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.MessageBoxSubHeight -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.MessageBoxSubWidth -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.MessageBoxWidth -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.MsgPlg_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.MsgProcWindowStatus -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.MsgSpr_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.NextPageParams -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple_NextPageParams
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.OffsetX -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.Opacity -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.PositionLerp -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.ShowSpeakerName() -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.SizeX -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple.UMsgProcWindow_Simple() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple_NextPageParams
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple_NextPageParams.NextPageColor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprColor
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Simple_NextPageParams.UMsgProcWindow_Simple_NextPageParams() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.m_pSystemLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.OkNextLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.OkNextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.OkNextMaskLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.OkNextMaskLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.pSystemDraw -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.SystemDrawClass -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.TextColDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.TextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_System.UMsgProcWindow_System() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.m_pTutrialLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.OkNextLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.OkNextLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.OkNextMaskLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.OkNextMaskLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.pTutrialDraw -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.TextColDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.TextColLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.TutrialDrawClass -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.AitfMsgProgWindow_TUTRIALDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial.UMsgProcWindow_Tutorial() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgSubtitles
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgSubtitles.UMsgSubtitles() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgSystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgSystem.UMsgSystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgTutorial
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgTutorial.UMsgTutorial() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgWork
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgWork.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgWork.pMsgManager -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgManager*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgWork.pTutorialManager -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTutorialManager*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMsgWork.UMsgWork() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject.ClassPrivate -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UClass*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject.InternalIndex -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject.NamePrivate -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FName
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject.ObjectFlags -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EObjectFlags
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject.OuterPrivate -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject.UObject() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject._vtable -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UOnlineSession
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UOnlineSession.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UOnlineSession.UOnlineSession() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPadRumble
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPadRumble.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPadRumble.haveRumble -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UForceFeedbackEffect*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPadRumble.haveRumble2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UForceFeedbackEffect*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPadRumble.ProgramEffect -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UForceFeedbackEffect*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPadRumble.UPadRumble() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.bOverrideFrictionCombineMode -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.bOverrideRestitutionCombineMode -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.Density -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.DestructibleDamageThresholdScale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.Friction -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.FrictionCombineMode -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.RaiseMassToPower -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.Restitution -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.RestitutionCombineMode -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EFrictionCombineModeType
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.SleepAngularVelocityThreshold -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.SleepCounterThreshold -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.SleepLinearVelocityThreshold -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.StaticFriction -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.SurfaceType -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EPhysicalSurface
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPhysicalMaterial.UPhysicalMaterial() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgAsset.UPlgAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgPrimitiveComponent
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UPlgPrimitiveComponent.UPlgPrimitiveComponent() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UScriptStruct
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UScriptStruct.b_prepare_cpp_struct_ops_completed -> bool
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UScriptStruct.cpp_struct_ops -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UScriptStruct.flags -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UScriptStruct.UScriptStruct() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UScriptStruct._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USelItem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USelItem.selCount -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USelItem.selEntries -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USelItem.selIndex -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USelItem.USelItem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USequence
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USequence.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USequence.USequence() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USignedInDialog
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USignedInDialog.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USignedInDialog.USignedInDialog() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset.mTexArray -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset.SprDatas -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TMap<int, p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSprDataArray>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset.USprAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.children -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UField*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.child_properties -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FField*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.dtor_link -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.min_alignment -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.post_ct_link -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.properties_size -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.prop_link -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.ref_link -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FProperty*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.Script -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<byte>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.super_struct -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct.UStruct() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UStruct._super -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UField
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USubsurfaceProfile
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USubsurfaceProfile.USubsurfaceProfile() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USubsystem
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USubsystem.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USubsystem.USubsystem() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USupportBustupDataAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USupportBustupDataAsset.USupportBustupDataAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTCSSaveData
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTCSSaveData.UTCSSaveData() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture.UTexture() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture2D.UTexture2D() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTrophyManager
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTrophyManager.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTrophyManager.UTrophyManager() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTutorialManager
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTutorialManager.pAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTutorialManager.Paths -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FString>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTutorialManager.pBmdAsset -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UBmdAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTutorialManager.Textures -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTutorialManager.UTutorialManager() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.CalendarDrawQueue -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.DrawSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.BPDrawSpr
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.Field248 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.Field70 -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.PartJobBgInAnimDelay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.PartJobBgInAnimDstFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.PartJobBgOutAnimDelay -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.PartJobBgOutAnimDstFrame -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.PartTimeJobs -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.pAssetLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.pBackgroundMaterialDaynamic -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.pBackgroundMaterialInstance -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstance*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.pDayTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.pEditParameterDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.pMonthTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.pWeekTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.TimePartTimeJobClosed -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.TimePartTimeJobOpen -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpCalendarDraw.UUICmpCalendarDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus.CharaListDraw_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatusCharacterListDraw*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus.pMainActor -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ACmpMainActor*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus.pParent -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UCmpStatus*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus.PSStatusActor_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.APersonaStatus*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUICmpStatus.UUICmpStatus() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIGenericSelectCharacter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIGenericSelectCharacter.UUIGenericSelectCharacter() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable.Entries -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable.GetLayoutDataTableEntry(int idx) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTableEntry*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable.LayoutTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable.UUILayoutDataTable() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTableEntry
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTableEntry.angle -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTableEntry.position -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTableEntry.scale -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTableEntry.UUILayoutDataTableEntry() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect.m_aShortcutList -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FShortcutItem>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect.m_pLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect.m_pLayoutData2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect.m_pLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect.m_pLayoutDataTable2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect.m_pLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect.m_pMiniMapSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect.m_tagUip -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FGetUIParameter
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILocationSelect.UUILocationSelect() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUimAsset.UUimAsset() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pArcadeUpDownLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pArcadeUpDownLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pClubUpDownLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pClubUpDownLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pDormitoryUpDownLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pDormitoryUpDownLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pDungeonUpDownLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pDungeonUpDownLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pHotelUpDownLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pHotelUpDownLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pIconLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pIconLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pIconLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pMallUpDownLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pMallUpDownLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pMapLoader -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pMapLoaders -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pMapParts -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pMapTex -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pMiniMapIcon00Spr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pMiniMapIcon01Spr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pNoiseSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pPartMaskSpr -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pPrevMapTex1 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pPrevMapTex2 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pPrevMapTex3 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pRyokanUpDownLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pRyokanUpDownLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pSchoolUpDownLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pSchoolUpDownLayoutDataTable -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pVelvetRoomIconMat -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterial*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pVelvetRoomIconMID -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.m_pWallTex -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTexture*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMiniMapDraw.UUIMiniMapDraw() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.arrowDownA -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.arrowDownB -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.arrowUpA -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.arrowUpB -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.SprDefStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.baseObj -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.bHideSortedRow -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.bInCampMenu -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.bLeftMenu -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.bOverrideMissing -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.bTryLeaveMenu -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.currentMissing -> ushort
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.DateLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field118 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field148 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field178 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field1A8 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field218 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field248 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field2B0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field2E0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field310 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field378 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field3A8 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field532 -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field538 -> nint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field58 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field88 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field8D0 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field900 -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field938 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field970 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.Field9A8 -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.LabelRowOpacity -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.CheckDrawUIStruct1
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.LayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.missingNamesPaddingY -> float
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.missingNamesPos -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FVector2D
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.MissingPersons -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingEntry>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.m_pBGMat -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInterface*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.m_pBGMatInst -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UMaterialInstanceDynamic*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.m_pDT -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.ParamDT -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FMissingParamTableRow
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.pLoader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.pRefWorld_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UWorld*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.pSpr_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.USprAsset*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.SortByNumber -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.SortByStatus -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.State -> int
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.TextColLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.TextPosLayoutData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUILayoutDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIMissingPerson.UUIMissingPerson() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIResources
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIResources.Assets_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TArray<nint>
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIResources.bIsReady -> byte
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIResources.GetAssetEntry(byte index) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UObject*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIResources.HandwritingLayoutData_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UDataTable*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIResources.Loader_ -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAssetLoader*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UUIResources.UUIResources() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UWorld
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UWorld.CurrentLevelPendingInvisibility -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UWorld.CurrentLevelPendingVisibility -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UWorld.PersistentLevel -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.ULevel*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UWorld.UWorld() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXRD777SaveGame
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXRD777SaveGame.SaveDataArea -> uint
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXRD777SaveGame.SaveDataHeadder -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.FSaveGameHeadder
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXRD777SaveGame.UXRD777SaveGame() -> void
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXrd777SaveManager
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXrd777SaveManager.NetworkSaveInstance -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXRD777SaveGame*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXrd777SaveManager.TCSSaveData -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UTCSSaveData*
p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UXrd777SaveManager.UXrd777SaveManager() -> void
static p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TypeExtensions.AsHashable(this int val) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashableInt
static p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TypeExtensions.AsHashable(this nint ptr) -> p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.HashablePointer
static p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.TypeExtensions.HashCombine(uint a, uint b) -> uint
static p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.UAtlEvtSubsystem.GetEvtPreDataHash(p3rpc.nativetypes.Interfaces.EAtlEvtEventCategoryType category, uint major, uint minor) -> uint